**Who Was So Cruel to Her?**

“Xiaoxiao, pour that medicine out.” As soon as Xiaoxi left, Nannong Noer immediately commanded.

“Wait? Why? Third Miss, that’s your medicine!” Xiaoxiao, who had intended to cool the medicine down, was momentarily taken aback.

“No, that’s not a life-saving potion; it’s poison meant to harm me. Hurry up and dump it!” Nannong Noer’s body trembled violently, and her hands and feet began to shake. She quickly grasped the edge of the table, struggling to maintain her composure.

“What? Third Miss, are you mistaken? This is the medicine prescribed by the doctor; how could it be poison?!” Xiaoxiao was startled by her words, staring at the thick, dark liquid in her hands. She hadn’t even tasted it, so how could she know it was poison?!

“Don’t ask so many questions. Just pour it out, now!” A drop of cold sweat slid down Nannong Noer’s forehead as she felt her limbs grow cold. Her grip tightened around the table’s edge, and seeing Xiaoxiao hesitating only fueled her frustration. 

“Oh, Third Miss, you look awful; are you feeling unwell?!” Only then did Xiaoxiao notice Nannong Noer’s sudden pallor, her voice brimming with concern.

“I told you to pour the medicine out! Why are you still talking back? Do you not want to serve me anymore?!” The scent of the medicine wafted into her nostrils, making her crave it even more. Nannong Noer turned her head, her voice rising in anger.

“Third Miss, don’t be upset; I’ll go pour it out right away.” Realizing she had angered her, Xiaoxiao quickly took the medicine and rushed outside to discard it.

“Today’s incident must remain a secret; if anyone finds out, I won’t spare you.” By the time Xiaoxiao returned after disposing of the medicine, Nannong Noer’s complexion had improved significantly.

“Yes, Xiaoxiao will keep today’s secret, but Third Miss, how did you know it was poison?!” Xiaoxiao looked at her with concern. Nannong Noer had been so pale just moments ago; what was really going on with her?

“It was your words that reminded me. No wonder I’ve had a sudden headache today; I kept wondering what caused it. It turns out it was because I didn’t take my medicine today. I think I’m in big trouble this time.” Nannong Noer rubbed her aching forehead, shocked to discover that someone in the Nannong Manor had been so ruthless to her.