**Who could have done such a thing to her? 3**

"Could it be that Nora tampered with my tea? But why would she do something like that?!" As he watched Nora, who was seated in a wheelchair and preparing tea for him, Helyan Yichen narrowed his eyes in contemplation. Why would she want to drug him?!

"Your Highness, the tea is ready. Please have a cup," Nora said expressionlessly as she poured the tea and brought a cup to him.

"Nora, are you still feeling unwell? You've looked a bit pale these last few days. If you're not feeling well, you should definitely see a doctor," Helyan Yichen said, his voice filled with concern as he accepted the teacup she offered. Although she hadn’t complained of any headaches recently, her complexion had been troubling him.

"Please don’t worry, Your Highness. I know my own body. You should drink the tea while it's hot; it won't taste good when it cools down," Nora lightly reminded him, noticing he was holding the teacup without taking a sip.

"The tea you make is simply unmatched; I almost feel reluctant to drink it," Helyan Yichen said, bringing the cup close to his nose and inhaling deeply before he praised her.

"Tea is meant to be enjoyed. If it doesn’t fulfill its purpose, then it’s just wasted tea. You should drink it quickly," Nora said, lightly biting her pale lower lip as she stared at him. Something felt off today; he usually wasn’t this talkative. He would just drink the tea she made without fuss.

"You’re being overly dramatic; I’ll drink it," Helyan Yichen chuckled and raised his sleeve to the teacup, tilting it back to drink.

"Would you like another cup, Your Highness?!" Nora asked, noticing the now-empty cup.

"No, that would be too much; I wouldn’t sleep well if I drink too much tea. I’m feeling a bit drowsy, so I’ll rest now. You should also get some sleep soon and not stay up too late reading," he said, yawning and lying down on the bed.

"I understand. You should sleep," Nora replied, placing the empty cup back on the table. She picked up a book from the surface, pretending to read intently, but in reality, she was merely waiting for him to fall asleep.

After an unknown amount of time, as Nora listened to his breathing gradually become steady, she lowered her book and wheeled her chair closer to the bed, softly calling out, "Your Highness, Your Highness, are you asleep?!"