**Addiction to... What? Part 4**

His face turned pale with shock. He wasn’t someone who easily got worked up, but in that moment, he found it impossible to stay calm. Through the dim moonlight, he witnessed an unbelievable scene: Nangong Nuo’er was tied to the bed with thick ropes, her mouth clamped down on a wooden plank. She bit down hard, producing a creaking sound that echoed in the silence. She looked utterly tormented, as if she were being subjected to some kind of cruel torture.

“Nuo’er...” Helian Yichen felt as though his heart had been struck by a heavy blow. He couldn’t help but call out her name, and only then did he seem to snap back to reality, leaping to the side of the bed in a swift motion.

“Ugh...” How could he be here? Hadn’t he already drunk her sleeping tea and fallen into a deep slumber? The moment Nangong Nuo’er saw him, she was overwhelmed with shame, wishing she could just die on the spot. How could she let him see her in such a pitiful state? She abruptly turned away, not wanting to face him, her entire body trembling violently.

“Nuo’er, tell me, what on earth happened to you?!” Since Helian Yichen had already discovered her predicament, he couldn't let her avoid the conversation. He reached out and turned her body towards him. Seeing her face drenched in cold sweat, he used his sleeve to wipe it away and then gently removed the wooden plank from her mouth.

“Get away from me... I don’t want your help...” Nangong Nuo’er’s body shook like leaves falling in autumn, her teeth chattering uncontrollably. She desperately wanted to push him away, to force him out, but her body was bound tightly by the thick ropes. Ordinary ropes wouldn’t have held her, but she had specifically instructed Xiao Qi to prepare these.

“Nangong Nuo’er, I don’t want to hear you say that again! Damn it, are you addicted to the black jade ointment?! I told you not to touch that stuff! Why did you take it?!”

Suddenly, Helian Yichen realized the truth—she was addicted to the black jade ointment. Shock coursed through him, disbelief mingling with anger. How could she be so reckless with her body and touch that vile substance? He had warned her time and again not to go near that black jade ointment. Why wouldn’t she listen to him?

“Ah... just leave me alone... I can do whatever I want! You don’t have any say in this! Ah... I need... I can’t take it anymore...”