**Chapter 6: Is She Addicted to... ?**

Watching them walk away, Xiaoxiao couldn't help but stomp her foot in frustration before swiftly turning to head back into the small wooden cabin.

At that moment, Nangong Nuo'er had already shaken off her drug addiction and lay quietly on the wooden bed, her back turned to them. Xiao Qi rushed to light the candle holders, while Xiaoxiao anxiously dashed to the bed to check on her.

"Third Miss, how are you doing? Xiao Qi, quickly help the Third Miss untie those ropes!" Xiaoxiao exclaimed, feeling a jolt of fear as she noticed Nuo'er lying still.

"You don’t need to worry about me; I’m fine," Nangong Nuo'er replied softly, allowing them to loosen her restraints. She turned her head slightly, her hair a wild mess, her left cheek slightly swollen, and a trace of blood lingering at the corner of her mouth.

"Damn it! How could the prince hit you, Third Miss? This is too much! It’s not your fault that you became addicted! This is outrageous; I’m going to settle this with him!" Seeing the marks on Nuo'er’s face, Xiao Qi couldn’t contain his anger and immediately turned to storm out the door.

"Xiao Qi, stop right there!" Nangong Nuo'er called out firmly, realizing he was about to defend her.

"Third Miss, you saved my life! I can’t just stand by and let you be bullied. Even if it means I’ll get beaten to a pulp, I have to stand up for you!" Xiao Qi’s fists clenched tightly, his eyes wide with rage. How could someone disrespect the Third Miss whom he held in such high regard? He had to avenge her.

"Xiao Qi, do you want everyone in the villa to know that I've succumbed to the poison of the Black Jade Ointment?!"

She appreciated his desire to defend her, but she knew that with his skills, he wouldn’t stand a chance against Qin Tian, let alone teach Helian Yichen a lesson! Nangong Nuo'er didn’t want him to make a foolish sacrifice, which is why she spoke sternly.

"Third Miss, I’m sorry! That’s not what I meant; I just got too angry." He had always thought the prince was a protector of the Third Miss, someone who would keep her safe. Now he realized that the prince was not sincere at all. He knew nothing about her struggles and yet treated her poorly. That man was a despicable scoundrel, and Xiao Qi couldn’t help but punch the door in frustration.

"Xiao Qi, calm down. Don’t do anything that would put the Third Miss in a difficult position. We need to get her back as soon as possible. If someone shows up, it could be bad," Xiaoxiao said, supporting the weak and weary Nangong Nuo'er as she settled into a wheelchair.