**The Enchanting Temptation of the Night Coast! Chapter 10**

The man carried her up onto the shore, her body finally leaving the water's surface, only to become flushed with heat once again. Unable to resist, she pressed herself against his cool skin, seeking comfort in his icy touch that offered her a fleeting relief from the sweltering heat.

But it wasn't enough; she craved more of his chill. Her hands began to roam over his body, while her feverish skin continued to rub against him. Her breathing quickened, and soon, she noticed that even his breaths became shallow and rapid.

After setting her down on a large rock along the shore, the already overwhelmed Menghan leaned back against the stone, unable to contain herself any longer. She reached out, eager to pull off his damp clothes, soft moans escaping her lips, “Mmm, it’s so hot… give me something cool… please…”

“You're quite the passionate little siren, aren’t you?” The man’s lips curled into a mischievous smirk as he watched her frantically tugging at his clothes.

Before she could fully strip him, he leaned down and pressed his lips against her face, kissing her delicate brows that resembled distant mountains, brushing over her trembling eyelids, gliding down to her straight nose, and then onto her cheeks.

However, as he neared her lips, he intentionally bypassed them, trailing kisses down her body until he reached her heaving chest, which rose and fell with her frantic breaths.

“Ah…” As his tongue ignited a hotter desire within her, waves of indescribable pleasure surged through her, making her moan softly in response. Yet, she still yearned for more solace. Trembling, she fumbled with his clothes, revealing a firm, sculpted chest. Her hazy eyes were fixed on his captivating physique, and suddenly her throat felt dry; she couldn’t help but swallow hard.

“Are you satisfied with what you see?” The man’s teasing voice, laced with a hint of wickedness, broke through her daze.

“Compared to all the men I've seen, your body is really impressive—definitely top-tier,” Menghan gasped, her eyes admiring his outstanding form.

“You’ve had many men?” Upon hearing her flirty words, a flicker of displeasure sparked in the man’s eyes. For some reason, the thought of her past relationships stirred a sudden agitation within him, and he found himself feeling uncharacteristically irritated.