**Addicted to... What? 8**

She locked her gaze with his, wanting to convey the brotherly concern that an older brother should have for his younger sister.

“Big Brother, please stop! If others see this, they might think I’m unwanted!” That Hélian Yichén, what did he think he was? Who was he to abandon her?! Nangong Nuo'er pursed her lips, shooting a cold look at him.

“Who would dare say my little sister is unwanted? I’d be the first to make them pay. But little sis, it’s best to steer clear of men like that, who would toy with your heart and then toss you aside. Worst case, I’ll support you for life! There’s not a decent man out there anyway. Why don’t you just stay at Nangong Manor forever? You don’t need to leave,” Nangong Xudang said, unable to contain his excitement as he reached out to hold her hand.

“What are you doing?!” Seeing him gripping her hand so fervently, a flash of alarm crossed Nuo'er’s eyes as she quickly pulled her hand away. Even though they were siblings, his actions felt oddly unsettling.

“Sorry, I wasn’t trying to do anything. Big Brother just wanted to comfort you—yes, just to comfort you,” he muttered, cursing himself for losing control. He almost frightened her with his impulsiveness.

“Big Brother, I don’t need your comfort. I’m not sad. Just go, okay? I need some peace and quiet.” Since early morning, their family had been bombarding her with the news of her moving out of Hélian Yichén’s place. By now, she felt like her ears were about to develop calluses from all the nagging.

“Little sis, I know a breakup can be tough. If you want to cry, I’m here for you. Just don’t force yourself to hold it in,” Nangong Xudang continued, pretending not to notice her irritation.

“I said I want to be alone! Are you deaf?!” Finally, unable to take it anymore, Nuo'er grabbed a teacup from the table and smashed it onto the ground with a forceful crash. The cup shattered into a multitude of sharp fragments, the sound startling everyone in the room.

“Little sis…” Nangong Xudang was momentarily taken aback by her sudden outburst.

“I told you to leave! Did you hear me? Get out!” Nuo'er shouted, her voice echoing with frustration. She had encountered people who were irritating before, but never someone so persistently annoying.