**"Get Out of Here!"**

“Get out of here!” 

“Qin Tian, you’re usually not this chatty. Why are you defending her so much? Do you have a thing for her?” Helian Yichen’s mood was already sour, and seeing Qin Tian continuously stand up for Nangong Nuoer ignited a simmering jealousy within him. His deep-set eyes turned icy as they fixed on Qin Tian.

“Your Highness, you’ve misunderstood me. I simply couldn't bear to see you so out of sorts, so I spoke my mind. If you truly don’t wish for me to mention Miss San, I won’t bring her up again,” Qin Tian replied, his voice laced with urgency. He knew that Miss San was someone His Highness cared for deeply, and he didn’t dare harbor any improper thoughts.

“Is that really all there is to it? You don’t have any other intentions?!” Helian Yichen raised an eyebrow, scrutinizing him.

“If Qin Tian had any improper thoughts about Miss San, may thunder strike me down, and may I die an untimely death,” Qin Tian vowed earnestly, seeing the skepticism in Helian Yichen’s gaze.

“Alright, I was just joking. There’s no need for such oaths.” Helian Yichen’s icy demeanor began to thaw as he realized Qin Tian’s sincerity. Even though he couldn’t have her, he certainly wouldn’t allow any other man to entertain improper thoughts about her.

“Your Highness, the Second Miss is here to see you.” Just as Qin Tian let out a sigh of relief, a servant came to announce.

“Don’t see her. Tell her I’m unwell and cannot receive guests,” Helian Yichen replied dismissively. Ever since Nangong Nuoer had moved out, Nangong Qianer had been pestering him daily. He had no interest in such a woman at all.

“Yes, Your Highness!” The servant turned to leave but was stopped by Qin Tian.

“Wait! Your Highness, I think you should make your position clear to the Second Miss. Otherwise, she’ll keep bothering you.”

“Hmm, you make a good point. Let her in,” Helian Yichen said, nodding slightly to the servant.

“Understood, I’ll go right away.” The servant hurried out, and before long, Nangong Qianer entered, carrying a basket.

“Your Highness, I hope you’re feeling better. I’ve brought some nourishing soup for you.”

“Your Highness, I hope you’re feeling better. I’ve brought some nourishing soup for you.” Nangong Qianer’s heart soared at the opportunity to see him. She had visited him several times, but he had always claimed to be ill. Thankfully, her persistence had paid off, and he was finally willing to meet her.