**Get Out of My Sight! 3**

As soon as she mentioned her name, Helyan Yichen slammed his wine cup down onto the table with a heavy clatter, his deep gaze turning dark and menacing.

"Second Miss, the Prince is angry. It would be best if you took your leave," Qin Tian urged, sensing the tension in the air. Angering the prince was not a light matter, and he quickly tried to persuade Nangong Qian'er to step aside.

"You’re just a dog servant beside the prince! When did it become your turn to speak here?!" Nangong Qian'er found a target for her frustration. With her temper flaring, she shot back at him defiantly.

"Qin Tian, throw her out! I don't want to see her again," Helyan Yichen declared coldly, his face darkening. This woman was utterly foolish and ignorant.

"Yes, Second Miss, I apologize for the offense!" Qin Tian replied, suddenly grabbing the back of Nangong Qian'er’s collar as if she were a chick under an eagle’s claw and began to drag her towards the exit.

"Hey! You worthless dog servant! What do you think you’re doing? Put me down! Prince, Nuo'er is already a drug addict. Do you really want to be with her still?!" Nangong Qian'er shouted, desperate and unwilling to let go. Hadn’t he just dismissed her? Did he still have feelings for her?

"What? How do you know that Nuo'er is addicted?!" Initially, Helyan Yichen intended to ignore her, but upon hearing her last remark, he swiftly moved in front of her, snatching her from Qin Tian’s grip. His fierce eyes bore into hers with an intensity that made her heart race. No one else knew about Nuo'er’s addiction—how could she?

"Your Highness... I..." Nangong Qian'er was taken aback, her collar clenched tightly in his grasp, leaving her startled and unsure of how to respond to his sudden confrontation.

"Speak! How did you find out that Nuo'er is addicted? Do you know how she got there?!" Helyan Yichen’s frustration boiled over, and he yelled at her, his voice echoing through the room.

"I... I... I saw Nuo'er having a fit due to withdrawal, that’s how I knew... Your Highness, isn’t that why you had her moved out?!" She had thought he had cut ties with Nuo'er, so why was he reacting like this?

"Where did you see her having a fit?!" Helyan Yichen's icy glare intensified as he observed her flickering eyes, sensing the truth behind her words.