**Get Out of My Sight! 4**

“W-what is it…?” Nangong Qian'er stammered, struggling to find her words.

“Nangong Qian'er, are you lying? You have no idea about Nuo’er’s drug addiction, do you? How did you find out she was hooked? Did you do something behind the scenes to make her addicted?!” In order to keep her drug addiction a secret, Nuo’er had been secretly relying on Xiao Qi and Xiao Xiao to take her to the little cabin every night for her detox. Aside from the few of them, no one else at the Nangong Manor knew.

“It’s not me! She is my sister! How could I do something like that to her? Your Highness, I swear I haven’t harmed her in any way! She must have succumbed to temptation and taken it herself.” As soon as Nangong Qian'er sensed Helian Yichen’s suspicion, she immediately began to plead her innocence, her voice rising in desperation.

“Nuo’er has an injured foot and has been cooped up in her room all day. How could she possibly have gotten her hands on Black Jade Ointment? That stuff is expensive and a forbidden item by the court. She wouldn’t be able to obtain it on her own. Nangong Qian'er, you better tell the truth! Did you secretly give it to her?!” It was only at that moment that Helian Yichen connected the dots. Black Jade Ointment wasn’t an ordinary narcotic; it required certain connections to acquire, even if one had the money. He mentally chastised himself for being so impulsive earlier and not realizing this sooner.

“Your Highness, Black Jade Ointment is a forbidden substance by the court! Even if I had the guts, I wouldn’t dare provide it to someone right under your nose. I swear, I truly don’t know how Nuo’er got addicted! If I speak even a single lie, may heaven strike me down!” 

Nangong Qian'er raised her hand to the heavens, and her earnest demeanor did not seem like that of a liar.

“Don’t say I didn’t warn you. If I find out that Nuo’er’s addiction is connected to you, I won’t go easy on you. And regarding Nuo’er’s situation, I don’t want anyone else to know. You understand what you need to do, right?!” Helian Yichen glared at her, his voice icy.

“Yes, I understand! Qian'er won’t tell anyone!” Nangong Qian'er nodded vigorously, cursing herself for her earlier foolishness. Not only had she failed to win the prince’s favor, but she had also received a stern warning.

“Get out of my sight! The farther, the better. I don’t want to see you again.” Helian Yichen waved his hand dismissively, the force nearly knocking her off balance.

---

The tension in the air was thick as Nangong Qian'er stumbled back, feeling the weight of Helian Yichen's words. She had always considered herself clever, but this time her schemes had only led to her downfall. As she turned to leave, her heart raced with a mix of fear and uncertainty. Would she really be able to keep this a secret? And what would happen if Nuo’er’s condition worsened? The stakes had never been higher, and the looming threat of discovery hung over her like a dark cloud.