**Give This King Some Space! 5**

Nan Gong Qian’er felt a swirl of reluctance in her heart, but upon witnessing the terrifying look on his face, she dared not linger and hurriedly left.

"Master, it seems that the Third Miss’s addiction to the black jade ointment isn't simply due to her own descent into depravity. There must be more to the story," Qin Tian remarked, a smirk creeping across his lips as he observed the pitiful way she skedaddled away. He struggled to hold back a chuckle.

"What difference does it make if there's more to it? What can I do?!" Helian Yichen retorted, returning to his chair and pouring himself another glass of wine. He downed it in one gulp, his violet eyes clouded with confusion.

"If she didn’t fall into this addiction on her own, Master could go find her. Do you really want to give up on her?" Qin Tian pressed, noting how this was the first time he had seen the Master so anxious over a woman. After all, a rare woman had appeared who could stir his emotions; wouldn’t it be a shame to let her slip away just like that?

"I don’t know. I need to think it over," Helian Yichen muttered, lifting the wine jug to pour himself another drink. But as he raised it, he set the cup down and decided instead to drink directly from the jug.

Seeing him clearly attempting to drown his sorrows in alcohol, Qin Tian let out a deep sigh and shook his head, falling silent. Meanwhile, Helian Yichen continued to pour himself drink after drink, trying to numb his mind, still unable to figure out what he should do.

---

The Golden Dragon Society was a powerful organization that controlled most of the shipping in the Helian Kingdom. Their cargo ships were the most numerous and secure on the waterways; as long as their ships flew the flag of the golden eagle, even sea pirates wouldn’t dare to touch them.

Additionally, they boasted the highest efficiency in their operations. However, they primarily conducted business with large-scale merchants and allowed local shipping operators to survive, avoiding monopolization of the trade.

The headquarters of the Golden Dragon Society was located on Golden Eagle Mountain in the north, where the president, Tuo Ba Tianye, resided. The position of president was not hereditary; it was awarded to those with the capability, meaning that anyone who held this position had to be exceptional, both in talent and virtue, earning the respect of all.

On this day, a young man who seemed to have just returned from outside rushed into the headquarters of the Golden Dragon Society. The people along the way referred to him as "Second Master"; he was Di Sanlang, the second-in-command of the Golden Dragon Society.

"Big Brother, we have a serious problem!" Di Sanlang exclaimed as he burst into the Golden Dragon Society, barely making it through the entrance to the accounting room before shouting out loud.