How Can She Endure This?

"How can she endure this?" 

"It's okay. If Lanqin doesn't want to stay, forcing her to will only make her unhappy. As long as she's happy, I don't mind," Di Sanlang said with a bitter smile.

"Sanlang, I know how you feel about Lanqin, but that girl is a bit wild. It's not easy to tame her; you need to put in more effort." He genuinely hoped to see the two of them together. Although Di Sanlang could be a bit impatient, having spent so much time together, he knew he was a responsible man. Trusting Lanqin to him was the best thing to do.

"I can't dare to hope that Lanqin will like me. I just wish for her to live happily." He knew deep down that Murong Lanqin had feelings for Tuoba Tianye, but it had always been a one-sided affection. In his brother's heart, there was only the Golden Dragon Club; no woman had ever made a mark there.

"That's just how you are. If you don't take the initiative, Lanqin will be snatched away by someone else." Tuoba Tianye shook his head at Sanlang's passive approach. He took a stack of account books from the shelf and said, "I've gone through these accounts already and noted down the problematic areas."

"Got it," Di Sanlang replied as he accepted the hefty stack of account books, feeling their weight pressing down on his heart.

---

In the courtyard of Nangong Yulou, Nangong Yulou was busy with carpentry work while Xiao Qi, having finished his own tasks, sneaked over to learn from him.

"Xiao Qi, how's Nuo Nuo been lately?!" Nangong Yulou casually asked.

"Third Miss is still the same. The medicine brought from the kitchen has all been dumped. She still sneaks off to the little wooden house every night to feed her addiction to the black jade ointment. I really don't know how much longer she can hold on. I'm really worried about her; every time I tie her up with those thick ropes, my heart aches uncontrollably." Xiao Qi said with a frown, wishing he could bear her pain himself.

"Even though I spend all my days hiding in the courtyard and rarely step outside, I know that in Helian Country, no one has ever successfully overcome this kind of addiction. Every time it strikes, it must be incredibly painful for her. It's truly hard for such a young woman."