**How Can She Endure? 2**

How can she endure this? 

A hardened warrior would struggle to withstand it, and he simply couldn’t believe it. She had actually made it through. Nangong Yulou, with his eyes half-lidded, sighed softly and spoke. 

“Indeed, I've never heard of anyone being able to quit, but I believe the Third Miss can. She has already held on for so many days; I’m sure she can become the first person to quit the black jade ointment.” The sheer willpower of the Third Miss was something he admired, and Little Qi had complete faith in her.

“Little Qi, do you remember, half a year ago, I ventured outside? I actually got my hands on a recipe from an esteemed physician that can alleviate cravings for the black jade ointment. It’s a pity that Nono doesn’t really trust anyone right now. I want to help her, but I feel helpless.” Nangong Yulou fiddled with a wooden block in his hands, a hint of regret in his voice.

“Second Master, what are you saying? You have a secret recipe to ease her addiction? Is it true?” Little Qi couldn’t contain his excitement at the thought, his eyes wide with hope. If the Second Master’s recipe could alleviate the Third Miss’s suffering, it would be a miracle.

“Yes, I did visit Nono that day, but she was unwilling to accept my goodwill. Has she told you all to be wary of me?!” Nangong Yulou’s expression turned somewhat gloomy.

“Well… Second Master, please don’t blame the Third Miss. Ever since she fell into the grip of the black jade ointment, her temper has been quite volatile. If you truly have a recipe, you must save her. I can’t bear to watch her suffer any longer.” Little Qi looked at Nangong Yulou with pleading eyes. Just knowing that there was a chance to save the Third Miss made him willing to face any danger.

“Little Qi, it’s not that I don’t want to help her; it’s just that Nono wouldn’t accept it. If she knew it was from me, she would think I intended to harm her,” Nangong Yulou shook his head slightly.

“I won’t tell her! Second Master, the Third Miss is your niece; you must save her! I can't stand to see her in so much pain any longer.” Little Qi’s face was filled with concern.

“Nono is my family, of course I want to save her. It pains me to know she’s addicted to the black jade ointment. Here’s the deal: I can give you the medicine, but she must not find out. You’ll need to secretly sprinkle the powder into her medicine. No one else can know, just you and me. Can you handle that?!”