**Controlled Again by Drugs! Part 1**

“Yeah, I’m pretty free today! So I thought I’d check in and see if you need any help, Miss Nangong.” Watching Nangong Nuo’er down the bowl of medicine in one go, Little Qi's anxious expression gradually eased, and he let out a sigh of relief.

“With Xiao Xiao here, I’m already fine. But Little Qi, you look a bit tense. Are you feeling unwell?! ” Nangong Nuo’er placed the empty bowl down and furrowed her brow upon noticing that something seemed off with his face.

"I’m fine, Miss Nangong. After taking the medicine, do you feel any better?!” Little Qi asked, nervously swallowing as he stared at the now empty bowl.

“Hmm, I do feel a bit better. I was a little groggy before, but after taking the medicine, I feel much more awake. Since I’m feeling good right now, I want to do some exercises. If you have things to do, you can go ahead. I can manage to get back by myself later, so don’t worry about me.” Nangong Nuo’er picked up her cane again and resumed her practice.

“Well, since Miss Nangong doesn’t have any further instructions, I’ll get back to work then.” Seeing that she seemed a bit more energized than before, Little Qi couldn’t help but feel happy. It was definitely the Second Young Master’s medicine that worked best! He would tell him the good news soon—that Miss Nangong’s spirits had improved after taking his medicine. If only she wouldn’t have any more episodes! Cheerfully, he turned to leave, unaware that his good intentions might lead to trouble.

After practicing in the courtyard for a while, Nangong Nuo’er originally felt invigorated. Suddenly, she sensed her vision becoming a bit hazy, as if clouds were swirling in her mind. She rubbed her eyes, trying to focus on her surroundings, but the more she rubbed, the blurrier everything became. It felt like she was stepping on clouds, her body floating as if she were weightless.

“What… what’s happening to me?!” Nangong Nuo’er grasped her cane tightly, shaking her head vigorously to try and clear her mind. But her consciousness began to drift away, as if she had entered a euphoric dreamland.

Inadvertently loosening her grip on the cane, she suddenly lost its support and cried out as she fell to the ground. Strangely enough, she didn’t feel any pain—only a sensation of lightness, as if she might start floating away at any moment.