**Once Again Under Control of Drugs! 5**

Helian Yichen originally just wanted to silence her, to prevent her from screaming and drawing attention. But when his sensual lips pressed against her crimson ones, a wave of heat surged through his mind. At that moment, it wasn't merely about silencing her anymore; he craved to kiss her, to kiss her deeply, to kiss her fiercely. As those thoughts raced through his mind, he found his tongue slipping into her warm mouth without realizing it.

Nangong Nuo’er had been in a heightened state of excitement, feeling his fiery tongue, like a serpent, invade her mouth, passionately claiming her sweetness. If she still cared about her last shred of dignity, she should have pushed him away, should have vehemently rejected him. But her mind was a chaotic blur, and she no longer knew what to do. In the end, she simply succumbed to her primal instincts, wrapping her long, delicate arms around his neck and began to kiss him back.

“Nuo’er… you little temptress…” Why didn’t she push him away?! If she had just shoved him hard enough, perhaps he could have stopped. But once her arms wrapped around his neck in response, there was no turning back for him.

“I want… give me…” As his lips barely left hers, she felt an overwhelming emptiness, a strong urge to pull him back. She couldn’t see the man in front of her clearly, but she knew he could bring her pleasure. She didn’t want him to leave her side. Nangong Nuo’er pressed her hands against the back of his head, holding him close to her lips.

“Do you know who I am?!” Seeing the dazed and yearning look in her eyes, Helian Yichen realized her mind was in disarray. At this moment, she probably couldn't even remember her own name.

“Mmm… heh heh… your head keeps swaying… I can’t see your face…” Her head spun, the sky and ground seemed to be twisting together, and the man before her continued to sway, making it hard for her to discern his features. Yet his voice was familiar—what was his name? She couldn't remember. Nangong Nuo’er reached out, trying to stabilize his face in her hands, but he remained unsteady, causing her head to spin even more.

“Nuo’er, what on earth did you eat?!” Seeing the unusual smile on her face, Helian Yichen felt a surge of frustration; he was ready to kill someone. Once he found out who was behind this, he would make them wish they were never born.