**Kicked Out of Bed! Part 2**

Looking at her face, flushed with anger, Helyan Yichen propped himself up on the bed, causing the silky sheets to slip from his waist and reveal his sculpted chest. A teasing smile danced on his handsome face.

"You shameless jerk, get the hell out of here!" Did she look like she could actually kill him?

Did he think the sun rose in the west? Nangong Nuoer could no longer hold back. With the foot that wasn’t injured, she kicked him fiercely in the waist. Helyan Yichen never expected her to actually kick him out of bed, let alone that she had enough strength to do it. By the time he realized what was happening and tried to dodge, it was too late. Her foot had made solid contact with his waist, and his balance faltered as he tumbled off the bed.

“Hey! You’re ruthless, woman! We just shared a tender moment, and now you kick me out of bed? Talk about burning bridges after crossing the river!” Helyan Yichen was quick on the uptake. Just before he hit the floor, he flipped over and landed solidly on his feet. He couldn’t believe that the woman who had just been tangled up with him was now so cold-hearted.

Standing in front of the bed, he couldn’t help but glare at her. “If you have any complaints, could you at least put on some clothes first?” He had no sense of shame; if he wanted to flaunt his nakedness, that was his business. But she didn’t want to see a bare man wandering around in front of her. Nangong Nuoer quickly grabbed her clothes from the floor and threw them on.

“I’ve never met a man as clueless as you,” Helyan Yichen remarked, watching her hurriedly dress while he took his sweet time collecting his clothes, completely unfazed.

“And I’ve never met a man as pathetic as you, who enjoys being treated like trash,” she shot back, knowing full well he was just asking for it. As she dressed, she pressed her fingers to her temples, trying to recall what had happened earlier that day.

“A clueless woman and a pathetic man—looks like we really are a match made in heaven,” Helyan Yichen quipped, a smirk still playing at his lips. She was truly a fun and interesting woman.