He kicked him off the bed with a swift motion!

"Nan Gong Nuo Er, who told you we would break up? Tonight, I solemnly declare that I will not break up with you. After all this is over, I will take you back to the Wang residence to get married." Her words were truly infuriating. Did she really think of him as some sort of male prostitute after a night of passion? Helian Yichen's expression darkened further.

"I don’t think you have any say in this matter. As long as it's something I don’t want to do, no one can force me!" Did he really believe she would obediently marry him? It was nothing short of a joke. Nan Gong Nuo Er's lips curled into a cold smile as she looked at him, as if he were just a fool.

"Nuo Er, don’t challenge my capabilities. Do you believe I can have the Nan Gong family arrange a wedding for us immediately?" Worst case, they could always hold a second ceremony when they returned to the Wang residence. Helian Yichen's grim expression slowly softened, and a confident smile played at the corners of his mouth as he gazed at her.

"Go ahead, then. Once you become the son-in-law of the Nan Gong family, perhaps it will help you further your investigation. It's a win-win situation, and there’s no downside for you," Nan Gong Nuo Er set her teacup down, clapping for his words, though anyone could see her sarcasm behind the facade.

"What’s your purpose in saying that?!" He wasn't foolish enough to believe she would genuinely support his plan. Helian Yichen furrowed his brow and asked her.

"I just mentioned I hold grudges. Anyone who offends me will definitely pay me back with interest. What I want to do, clever prince, can you not guess it?!" After she spoke, she couldn't help but let out a soft laugh.

"You want to take revenge on me?!" It seemed he had seriously underestimated her. Looking at the increasingly radiant smile on her lips, Helian Yichen felt a chill run down his spine. He had never felt this way about anyone before. As a prince, he was above everyone else; it was always others who feared him.

"Do you think I can’t seek revenge? Prince, it’s getting late. You should leave quickly. I don’t want people saying that I, a discarded woman, am still entangled with you, a prince." After she finished speaking, the cold smile on Nan Gong Nuo Er's face vanished, clearly indicating that she wanted him to leave.