A Kick That Sent Him Tumbling to the Floor! 5

"A kick that sent him tumbling to the floor!" 

"If you're really looking to get back at me, I welcome it with open arms. Just see how far you can take it, Nanny Nuo’er, I’ll be waiting," Harlan Yichen said, a hint of provocation lighting up his face as he turned and strode away.

"You scoundrel!" As she watched him walk away, Nanny Nuo’er spat out the words, her voice laced with ice.

After Harlan Yichen left, Nanny Nuo’er began to reflect on the day’s events. Her gaze drifted to the window, where a bright, full moon hung in the ink-black sky. At this hour, she should be feeling the gnawing pangs of her addiction, yet she felt nothing at all. Could it be that she was no longer hooked on the black jade ointment?!

"That can’t be right. The black jade ointment is a drug. Even though I haven’t felt as terrible these past few days, it doesn’t just vanish overnight. What on earth is going on?!" Nanny Nuo’er leaned her head in her hands, puzzled. Just then, flashes of memories surged through her mind—she remembered falling to the ground and doing some utterly ridiculous things, as if her rationality had flown out the window.

"Oh my god, what is happening to me? It feels like I’m on some kind of hallucinogen, but damn it, I didn’t eat or drink anything today except that medicine Xiao Qi brought me... Wait? The medicine! Could there have been something wrong with the medicine?!" Nanny Nuo’er’s eyes widened in disbelief as she slapped her palm on the table. It made sense—if there was an issue, it had to be with the medicine she took that night. Did someone tamper with her medication?!

"Xiaoxiao!" A wave of heaviness washed over Nanny Nuo’er. Who would dare to meddle with her medicine?!

"Third Miss, is there something you need?!" Xiaoxiao rushed in after hearing Nanny Nuo’er’s call, eager to assist.

"Xiaoxiao, I need to ask you something. Did you prepare the medicine I took today?!"

"Xiaoxiao, I need to ask you something. Did you prepare the medicine I took today?!" Nanny Nuo’er’s eyes were stern as she questioned her, not missing a single expression on Xiaoxiao’s face.

"Yes, Third Miss. I personally brewed the medicine according to your instructions. Is there something wrong with it?!" Xiaoxiao felt a knot tighten in her stomach as she saw the grave look on Nanny Nuo’er’s face, an ominous premonition rising within her. Could it be that something had gone wrong with the medicine she prepared?