**Who Sold Her Out? Part 2**

In the dead of night, a serene stillness blanketed the air. Initially, Xiao Qi was worried that Nangong Nuo’er might have a relapse tonight. However, after hearing from Xiaoxiao that the prince had gone to find the third young lady and had been in her room for quite a while, he felt a sense of relief. With the prince present, perhaps the third young lady wouldn’t need them anymore, so he drifted off to sleep peacefully.

When Xiaoxiao came knocking, Xiao Qi was lost in a beautiful dream. She pushed open the unlocked door and walked straight to his bedside. As she lifted the mosquito net, she was taken aback to see him sleeping so soundly. Memories of the third young lady's medicine rushed back to her, igniting her fury. Without a second thought, she raised her hand and slapped him hard across the face. The crisp sound of the slap echoed in the stillness, jolting Xiao Qi awake.

“Whoa... who hit me? Xiaoxiao? What’s wrong with you? It’s the middle of the night, and you barge into my room to hit me!” Rubbing his cheek, which now burned from the force of her slap, Xiao Qi glared at her, his irritation bubbling up. That girl certainly had no mercy when it came to hitting; his cheek throbbed painfully, a testament to how hard she had struck him.

“You still dare to ask? Do you even realize the trouble you’ve caused?” Xiaoxiao was about to inform him about the issues with the medicine when she remembered Nangong Nuo’er’s warning. She yanked the quilt off Xiao Qi and pulled him out of bed, saying, “We’ll talk when we see the third young lady. Hurry up and put on your outer robe, we need to go see her.” Although she didn’t want to believe that he was the one who sold out the third young lady, the fact remained that only he and she had handled that bowl of medicine. If it wasn’t him, then who else could it be?

“Xiaoxiao, what’s happening?! Is it that the third young lady’s addiction has flared up again?!” As the thought crossed his mind, Xiao Qi quickly grabbed his outer robe hanging by the bed and rushed to follow Xiaoxiao to Nangong Nuo’er’s quarters.

“It’s not her addiction that’s the problem; it’s something else entirely,” Xiaoxiao responded, noticing his anxious expression. He didn’t look like someone who would harm the third young lady, so what on earth had happened?

“The third young lady didn’t have a relapse tonight?! Is that true?!” Xiao Qi’s heart raced with hope. Could it be that the unique remedy given by the second master was truly effective? If the third young lady drank it and didn’t have another episode, that would be a blessing! He couldn’t help but tug at Xiaoxiao’s clothing, excitement bubbling within him. 

---

Feel free to let me know if you need any adjustments or additional sections!