**Who Betrayed Her? Part 4**

"Who could possibly betray her?" 

"Third Miss, this is a misunderstanding! I have always been loyal to you; how could I ever betray you? Can someone please tell me what exactly happened?!" Little Genius, upon being accused of betrayal by Nangong Nuo’er, was utterly taken aback and quickly began to defend himself.

"You scoundrel! How could you betray the Third Miss after all the kindness she's shown you? Are you even human?!" Xiaoxiao, unable to contain her anger at his continued denial, raised her hand and slapped him again.

"Xiaoxiao, please tell me what’s going on! I swear I never wanted to betray the Third Miss!" Little Genius exclaimed, holding his swollen face in shock and worry.

"I want to know if you tampered with the Third Miss's medicine. It struck me as odd that you, who never help, suddenly decided to assist me today. I had my suspicions about you; I would have never let you handle it if I had known!" She felt the weight of responsibility pressing on her. If she hadn't sent the medicine with him, this wouldn't have happened.

"I... I..." Little Genius hesitated, wanting to explain that he wasn’t trying to harm Nangong Nuo’er but rather help her. However, recalling Second Young Master’s stern warning that she must never know about this, he abruptly shook his head and insisted, "I didn't! I swear I didn't tamper with the medicine! Third Miss, you must believe me; I'm innocent!"

"If you didn't tamper with the medicine, then it must have been Xiaoxiao. The only people who had access to the medicine I drank today are you two. So, who tampered with it? You both better admit your guilt willingly, or you can forget about following me from now on." She wouldn't take any chances; since neither of them was willing to own up to their actions, both were now suspects. She would rather deal with things herself than leave anyone potentially dangerous by her side.

"Third Miss, you know that I have always been loyal to you! I would never tamper with the medicine. Please don't dismiss me at a time like this! There’s no one trustworthy in this estate right now. How can I leave you?" Xiaoxiao, realizing the gravity of the situation, knelt down in front of her, fear and urgency lacing her voice.

"Exactly! Third Miss, please don’t send us away! I would never harm you!" Little Genius echoed, bewildered at how things had spiraled out of control.

The atmosphere grew tense, the weight of betrayal hanging thick in the air as they all realized the precariousness of their situation.