He’s trying to harm her! 

"Is this medicine from Uncle Second?!" Compared to the agitated Xiaoxiao, Nangong Nuo'er remained much calmer. Little Qi looked like the kind of naive person who wouldn't even pocket a gold nugget he found on the ground. 

Little Qi had once told her about his situation with Nangong Yulou, and she had no doubts that it was he who had instructed Little Qi to do this. Yet, this Little Qi was so foolish that he didn’t even realize he was being used. Oh my god, why were the people around her so dense? Nangong Nuo'er couldn’t help but feel like screaming to the heavens.

“Eh, how did you know... Oh no, I swore to him I wouldn’t tell you.” Little Qi responded, a moment too late, covering his mouth with his hand.

“What? Uncle Second? Is there some misunderstanding? How could Uncle Second harm Third Miss? That’s impossible!” She couldn't believe it, her eyes wide as she covered her mouth with her hand. He was her uncle, after all—how could he do something like that to her?

“Damn it, what have I done to deserve this? Why is he trying to harm me?!” Nangong Nuo'er slammed her palm down on the table in anger. At first, she had thought that Nangong Qian'er was the one harming her because she was the only one with a motive back at the manor.

Recalling that time in the backyard when he had urged her to continue taking the black jade ointment, and now he was using Little Qi to slip harmful substances into the medicine he gave her—she really wanted to confront him right away and ask him directly. He was her uncle! Why was he treating her like this?!

“Third Miss, Uncle Second said that medicine was meant to ease your pain. He’s not trying to harm you, I guarantee it.” Little Qi didn’t understand why Nangong Nuo'er was so furious, but he firmly believed that Uncle Second would never hurt her.

“I swear, you’re driving me insane! We’ve reached this point, and you’re still defending him. Whose side are you on, mine or his?!” These two damn fools were completely deceived by Nangong Yulou’s appearance, and Nangong Nuo'er’s face turned ashen with rage.

“We’re definitely on your side! But Third Miss, what’s going on? Why do you keep saying Uncle Second is trying to harm you?!” Little Qi, still in the dark about the situation, couldn’t comprehend what had made Nangong Nuo'er so upset.

“You idiot! Do you really think what he gave you was some kind of effective medicine? I won’t have an episode tonight, all thanks to the medicine you gave me! Do you even realize that because of you, all the hardships I’ve endured these past few days have gone to waste? You’ve really pushed me to the edge!”