He’s trying to harm her! 

Nangong Nuo’er clenched her fists tightly, struggling to suppress the impulse to throw a punch, gritting her teeth as she let out a low growl. 

“How could this happen?! It can’t be! Second Master is such a good person, he wouldn’t use me. He’s just a carpenter; how could he possibly have something like that?!” Xiao Qi shook his head in disbelief, unable to accept that the Second Master would betray them and put the Third Miss in danger.

“Is he really just a carpenter? Are you so sure he has no other identity?!” From the moment she first met him, she had found something strange about him. He was so young, and he didn’t seem like someone who would willingly hide away from the world. As expected, it seemed that Hélian Yichén’s investigation was definitely linked to him.

“That’s unlikely. The Second Master rarely steps out of his courtyard, and his daily routine is quite normal. He goes to bed very early at night,” Xiao Qi argued. How could he possibly have time to engage in other activities?! Xiaoxiao shook her head vigorously; she simply couldn’t believe that the Second Master would be someone who would harm the Third Miss.

“Xiaoxiao, you’re too naive. But no matter what, I hope tonight’s incident stays between the three of us. Xiao Qi, you need to continue asking the Second Master for the medicine, pretending that I’ve already taken it. If he inquires about me, don’t hide anything, but make sure he doesn’t find out that I’ve discovered what you’ve done with the medicine, do you understand?!” Nangong Nuo’er’s tone was extremely stern, laced with command.

“Yes, Third Miss, I will do as you say.” Although he still found it hard to believe that the Second Master’s medicine was problematic, Xiao Qi didn’t want to hurt the Third Miss any further and could only comply with her wishes.

“Xiaoxiao, I know you have feelings for him, but I need you to avoid asking him anything directly. If he questions you, act like you don’t know anything. If either of you makes another mistake, regardless of who it is, I won’t give you another chance.” There was only one chance. If they didn’t cherish it, they shouldn’t blame her for being heartless.

“Understood!” Xiaoxiao and Xiao Qi exchanged glances, gritting their teeth in agreement.

“Alright, it’s getting late. You both should go get some rest,” Nangong Nuo’er said lightly.

“Third Miss, let me attend to you before you sleep,” Xiaoxiao offered kindly.

“No, I want to be alone for a while. Don’t let anyone disturb me; you both can leave now.” 

With that, the atmosphere thickened with tension as they complied, retreating quietly, leaving Nangong Nuo’er in solitude, her mind swirling with the weight of the revelations.