**You Demon! Part 3**

“You’re the one who forced me into this. I don’t think you want to drag your entire family down with you,” the man said, a mocking smirk curling at the corners of his lips as he gazed at her leisurely.

“You demon! I trusted you too easily,” she shot back, regret flooding her. She had let her guard down, believing in him without a second thought.

“You didn’t misjudge me; you simply weren’t prepared. I can imagine you must be in a terrible mood tonight. If you need company, I’m more than willing to oblige,” the man in black replied, his eyes sparkling with a wicked charm.

“Even if I had to choose between a cat or a dog, I wouldn’t let you keep me company. Just go die!” The woman retorted, her anger flaring as she suddenly lifted her right foot and kicked him hard in the shin, then spun around and bolted out the door.

“Tsk, tsk. Such a fierce lady. No wonder Helyan Yichen is looking for other women,” he mused, unfazed by the kick, which felt nothing more than a mosquito bite to him. What astonished him was her fierce spirit.

---

Today was a festive market day. The main street in front of the City God Temple was bustling with vendors, crowds of people flowing through, creating a lively atmosphere. From the elegant balcony of the finest tavern on the street, one could gaze out and take in the charming scene below.

“Sir, you seem to be in particularly good spirits today,” Helyan Yichen lounged in a cozy booth on the second floor, his demeanor relaxed and lazy. A black eagle pecked at the food laid out for it on the table, while Qin Tian stood at his side, pouring him a drink.

“Not too bad,” Xuanyuan Luocheng mused, raising his glass filled with fine wine and downing it in one go, a seductive smile playing on his lips.

“Have you and Miss San finally buried the hatchet?!” Qin Tian asked, recalling how he had urged Xuanyuan to pursue her before, only for him to act aloof. Yet, just yesterday, he had snuck into her room and emerged with a spring in his step. It seemed they had reconciled.

“Do you really think she’s the kind of woman who can be easily swayed with just a few words?!” Helyan Yichen leaned closer to the rim of his wine glass, inhaling the fragrant aroma of the wine, a look of intoxication washing over his handsome features.

“Isn’t it true that any stubborn woman would turn into a gentle little lady when faced with you?!” Qin Tian teased. What woman wouldn’t be drawn to a man like him? That cold demeanor of Miss San would surely melt away in time. After all, she had started off aloof, but hadn’t she begun to soften eventually?