She Had Arrived, and the Show Was About to Begin! 10

“Make way, please! I beg you!” A strikingly beautiful young woman was sprinting desperately forward, seemingly fleeing from someone behind her. Xiao Qi suddenly understood the situation. He turned to his companion and said, “Miss San, it looks like the people behind her are after that girl in the front. Those thugs don’t seem like good company.”

“I see that. Let’s go back.” She wasn’t blind; how could she possibly miss such a scene? But getting involved in other people's affairs was not her style. Nangong Nuo’er lowered her gaze, speaking in a calm, detached manner.

“Are we really just going to leave like this?!” Hearing her words, Xiao Qi and Xiao Xiao exchanged puzzled looks. They had expected her to rush in and save the girl; in the past, the Miss San they knew would never turn a blind eye to such injustice.

“I’m not in the mood to shop anymore. If you don’t want to leave, I can go back by myself,” Nangong Nuo’er replied nonchalantly.

“No way! We can’t just let you go back alone! But… Miss San, are we really going to ignore what’s happening?” Xiao Xiao glanced back at the girl, who was now on the ground, her clothes in disarray and looking utterly defeated. The thugs were closing in on her quickly. Both she and Xiao Qi had been saved by her before; was she really going to stand by and watch someone else suffer?

“Why should I care about them? I’m not looking for trouble,” Nangong Nuo’er said, appearing oblivious to the desperate expressions on their faces. She smirked slightly before turning away.

“But, Miss San, that girl looks so pitiful,” Xiao Xiao said, feeling a mix of disappointment and empathy as she watched Nangong Nuo’er prepare to leave.

“Give me one reason why I should intervene!” Nangong Nuo’er turned back, her heart softening at their pleading expressions.

“When I was bullied by the local ruffians, it was you, Miss San, who showed mercy and rescued me from the brink of death. Seeing someone else being tormented like I was makes me feel so sad. I want to help her,” Xiao Qi said earnestly, his gaze fixed on the unfortunate girl, recalling his own painful memories. He couldn’t bear to watch her suffer at the hands of those bullies.