She did it after all! 

"Yeah, Third Miss, you’ve already saved me and Little Qi, why not save this poor girl too?" Xiaoxiao couldn’t help but glance back at the girl, who was being dragged away by several menacing thugs. If they didn't rescue her, she would surely end up in a terrible situation.

"Since you all want to be heroes, I’ll let you. But I won’t lift a finger; it’s up to you to see if you can beat them," Nangong Nuoer replied, crossing her arms, her expression one of amusement as she prepared to watch the show.

"Third Miss, does that mean you’re letting me go save her?!" Little Qi exclaimed, his eyes lighting up with excitement. Although he didn't know who Lei Feng was, he understood her words well enough.

"Don't get too excited. There are so many of them; whether you can take them on is still a question," Nangong Nuoer said coolly. Little Qi had some decent martial skills and could handle ordinary people, but he might struggle against someone more capable.

"Third Miss, don’t worry! I won’t embarrass you. I’ll definitely rescue that girl," Little Qi declared confidently, thumping his chest as he spoke.

"Little Qi, what are you still talking for? Hurry up and save her! That girl is about to be taken away!" Seeing the poor girl desperately struggling against the grip of the thugs, Xiaoxiao couldn’t hold back and kicked Little Qi lightly.

"Alright, I’m going!" Little Qi quickly turned around. Seeing that they were gradually moving away, he hurriedly stepped forward and shouted, "Hey, you lot! Let that girl go immediately, or don’t blame me for being rude!"

"Xiaoxiao, let’s go check it out too," Nangong Nuoer said, following behind him. Even though she claimed she wouldn’t help, she couldn’t just stand by when he was in danger.

"Yes, Third Miss." Watching the back of Nangong Nuoer, Xiaoxiao smiled with delight. She knew that their Third Miss was still as kind-hearted as ever; she would step in whenever she saw injustice.

"Who are you? How dare you meddle in my lord's affairs? Kid, are you bored and looking for trouble?" The thugs had just turned to leave with the girl when they noticed a frail-looking boy daring to block their path. They immediately turned back, glaring at him with murderous intent.