She went for it anyway! 

How could she take such a risk? Xiaoxiao exclaimed worriedly.

"Don't worry about me. I trained with a very skilled master when I was out in the world. I think I can handle them just fine." It had been a while since she had to fight, but since they had come right to her doorstep today, she wouldn't hold back. Nangong Nuo'er narrowed her beautiful eyes slightly, a mocking smile playing on her lips.

"But your thigh injury just healed not long ago! What if you get hurt again?!" Xiaoxiao was still uneasy, and just as she finished speaking, a chilling scream pierced the air. The source of the scream wasn't one of the enemies; it was Little Qi. Xiaoxiao's face turned pale in an instant. This was bad; Little Qi couldn't handle them!

"It's fine." As long as she could move now, she would be okay. After a brief warm-up, Nangong Nuo'er swiftly darted toward the group of men.

"Third Miss, be careful!" With so many of them, and even Little Qi unable to stand against them, Xiaoxiao was genuinely worried for her.

"Wow, a little brat is here to throw away his life, and now we have a little beauty! This one looks way better than the girl we were planning to take. Let’s take her back; our master will definitely love her!" One of the thugs, seeing Nangong Nuo'er approach with her delicate skin and stunning beauty, immediately set his sights on her. Just as he was about to call his buddies to join in, his vision suddenly blurred. Before he could figure out what had happened, a sharp pain shot through his mouth, and with a gasp, he found two of his teeth had been knocked out.

"Your mouth is disgusting. You must have rotten teeth. I just helped you extract them for free; you should thank me," Nangong Nuo'er said casually, shaking her hand as if she were a dentist who specialized in pulling rotten teeth.

"Th-thank... you... it hurts... you vicious woman! You knocked out my teeth! I will kill you!" The man clutched his mouth, nearly convulsing from the pain, and swung his massive hand toward Nangong Nuo'er's face.

"Third Miss, watch out!" Xiaoxiao and Little Qi screamed in unison as they saw the man raise his hand to strike, unable to contain their fear for her safety.