She Made Her Move! 5

"Humph, overestimating yourself." Nangong Nuo'er sneered mockingly. Just as the man thought he could land a punch on her face, her hand shot out unexpectedly.

With a powerful grip, she seized his wrist, skillfully pinching an important acupoint that rendered him immobile. Before he could even comprehend what was happening, she yanked his arm, spinning him around as if he were a rag doll. In an instant, he found himself propelled over her shoulder, crashing to the ground. Before he could recover, she stomped down hard on his chest, and a heart-wrenching scream escaped his lips as two of his ribs snapped under her relentless force.

"Didn’t expect a woman like you to have some fight in her." Everyone present was stunned by Nangong Nuo’er's flawless shoulder throw. By the time they regained their senses, they realized that the man was sprawled out on the ground, unable to get back up.

"Or did you really think women are easy to bully? Come at me together; I don’t want to waste time." Nangong Nuo'er clapped her hands, a cruel smirk curling her lips as her sharp eyes narrowed at them.

"Wow, Third Miss, you're amazing! So cool! Go, Third Miss! You useless wretch, you can’t even protect yourself, let alone protect the Third Miss!" 

Xiaoxiao watched in awe as Nangong Nuo'er showcased her impressive skills, her eyes sparkling with admiration. Having followed the Third Miss for so long, this was her first time witnessing her in action, and the sheer charisma emanating from her was enough to captivate the entire city. As she cheered for Nangong Nuo'er, Xiaoxiao couldn’t resist stepping on the already beaten little Qi a few times—after all, he had proven himself utterly useless.

"I never knew the Third Miss had such a fierce side to her." It seemed that during the time she was missing, she had truly experienced a lot that they were unaware of. Little Qi didn’t mind Xiaoxiao’s words; instead, he found the Third Miss’s battlefield demeanor utterly enchanting.

"You filthy woman, let’s see how long you can gloat! Brothers, let’s take her down together!" The henchman, unable to tolerate the ridicule from a mere girl, clenched his fists and tensed his muscles, charging at her alongside his comrades.

"I can gloat for as long as I want, and that’s none of your business." As they all lunged at her with fists raised, Nangong Nuo'er stood her ground, ready to face them head-on.