**She Made Her Move! 7**

"That didn't take long. Now you know that women aren't so easy to bully, right?" Nangong Nuoer stepped forward, planting her foot firmly on one man's chest. She leaned slightly forward, looking down at them with a cruel smile that lingered at the corners of her lips, reminiscent of a merciless female warrior.

"Ah... It hurts... Heroine, spare me... We won’t dare to bully women again... Please, have mercy..." The man beneath her foot groaned in agony, having just suffered a broken rib thanks to her earlier strike. Tears threatened to spill from his eyes as the pain consumed him.

"Hmph, right now, I should break your arms and legs, and shatter your ribs. If I ever catch you useless fools harassing women again, don't expect to get a third chance," Nangong Nuoer's voice was soft and melodious, yet to their ears, it rang out like a death sentence delivered by a fearsome specter. Ignoring their pain, they nodded as quickly as they could, eager to placate her.

"Good, you’re not as hopeless as I thought. Well then, let’s call it a day for this little workout. Thank you for your enthusiastic cooperation. Goodbye!" A cheerful smile spread across Nangong Nuoer’s face, sweet yet terrifying to those on the receiving end.

"Now, off you go." She pulled a handkerchief from her pocket and meticulously wiped each of her fingers clean before tossing it aside. She was a person who valued cleanliness.

As Nangong Nuoer discreetly left amidst the applause and cheers of the crowd, a pair of sharp eyes, as keen as an eagle's, followed her every move, unable to shake off the sight.

"Master, Miss Nangong’s third young lady shouldn’t know any martial arts, yet judging by what just happened, her skills are remarkable, and my subordinates couldn’t discern which martial arts she was using," reported one of the men who had been observing from above. They had witnessed Nangong Nuoer skillfully take down a dozen burly men without breaking a sweat.

What puzzled Qin Tian the most was that, according to their investigations, Nangong Nuoer was supposed to be defenseless, yet her display had left everyone in shock.

"I’m just as curious about what other secrets she might be hiding," Helian Yicheng mused, his gaze fixated on Nangong Nuoer’s graceful retreat. The purple glint in his eyes intensified as he noticed the faint scars on her recently healed thigh, and he couldn’t help but frown.