**"If you want to follow me, then jump off the cliff!"**

---

“Right, just go ahead and jump,” Nangong Nuo’er said, her expression still as cold as ever.

“Ziyan, don’t! You’ll die if you jump! Third Miss, why don’t you talk about something else instead? This could really end in tragedy,” Xiaoxiao urged, seeing that Ziyan genuinely seemed ready to leap.

“It’s her words. I told her to do whatever I say. If she can’t even manage this, then what use do I have for her?!” Nangong Nuo’er declared ruthlessly. She had no need for someone who lacked loyalty.

“Xiaoxiao, you don’t need to defend me. My life was saved by Third Miss. Consider this my way of repaying her,” Ziyan said with a smile back at them, and then, with an anxious glance from Xiaoxiao and Xiao Qi, she stepped forward, teetering on the edge.

“Ziyan, no!” As Ziyan's body tipped toward the cliff, both Xiaoxiao and Xiao Qi couldn’t help but scream in alarm.

“Goodbye, everyone!” Ziyan closed her eyes, expecting to plunge downward. Just as she thought her body would fall, she suddenly felt a tightness around her waist. Before she could process what was happening, her feet found solid ground again. She opened her eyes to see a vine wrapped around her waist, the other end held firmly by Nangong Nuo’er.

“What’s going on?!” Ziyan looked at the vine around her waist, confusion etched on her face as she turned to Nangong Nuo’er. Wasn’t she supposed to jump? Why was she saving her now?

“Ziyan, this is wonderful! Just now, Third Miss was only testing your sincerity. Congratulations, you’ve passed! You can stay by her side from now on,” Xiaoxiao exclaimed joyfully as she rushed over to help untangle the vine from Ziyan’s waist. The thought of having a new sister to look after Third Miss filled her with excitement. She always knew that Third Miss wasn’t that cruel; she had proven them right.

“Third Miss, is it true? Did I really pass your test? Can I really stay by your side from now on?!” Ziyan’s voice trembled with joy as she stared at Nangong Nuo’er, realizing she finally had a safe place to be, free from the torment of that twisted old man. Tears of gratitude began to well in her eyes.

“You’re willing to put your life in my hands. I see no reason to refuse you, Ziyan. But make no mistake, being by my side will be dangerous. You’d better be prepared. Don’t think that just because I’m a young lady from a wealthy family, you’ll live a life of luxury.”

---

Nangong Nuo’er’s words hung in the air, heavy with the promise of both challenge and adventure. Ziyan’s heart raced with a mix of fear and exhilaration. She knew that the path ahead would be fraught with peril, but for the first time, she felt a glimmer of hope.