still lingering with his scent!

Xiao Qi was now so excited that he could hardly speak.

"Third Miss, you’re finally back!" The cleaning aunt, the gardener uncle, the tea-serving maid, and the laborers all beamed with joy upon seeing Meng Han, as if the person returning was not just their Miss, but a beloved family member.

Meng Han was known for her cold demeanor, but seeing the genuine smiles on their faces stirred something in her, and she couldn't help but nod her head in gratitude. It seemed that this Third Miss held a significant place in their hearts. But if they respected her so much, why would they mistake her for someone else?

"Sister, you’re finally back! Where have you been all this time? You didn’t even send a message! We were so worried about you! We sent so many people to look for you!" A beautiful girl in a pale yellow outfit rushed out from the inside upon hearing Xiao Qi's shout, grabbing Meng Han's hand and bombarding her with questions.

"I’m sorry, but I think I need to clarify something. I’m not the person you think I am. Xiao Qi mistook me for someone else. Please take a closer look; I’m not who you’re saying I am," Meng Han said, feeling overwhelmed by the girl’s enthusiasm. She pushed her hand away somewhat coldly.

“How could you not be my sister? You look just like her!” The girl’s eyes suddenly turned red, tears welling up as she spoke. “Did Second Sister upset you? Is that why you’re refusing to acknowledge me?”

“Miss, please see clearly. I’m really not your sister. My name is Meng Han,” she replied, frowning tighter as she watched the girl’s distressed expression. Surely, their eyes weren’t that bad? How could they mistake her for someone else? This Second Miss really was quite foolish.

“Second Miss, it seems like the Third Miss has lost her memory. She has forgotten everything about us,” Xiao Qi said, unable to hide his sadness any longer.

“Lost her memory? Sister, is it because you lost your memory that you can't remember us?” Upon hearing that Meng Han had amnesia, the girl’s gaze flickered, and she grabbed her hand tightly again, nervously asking.

“Ugh, this is getting really confusing. I’ve already said I’m not someone you know. Honestly, I’m not going to argue with you anymore. Goodbye!” If this continued, she felt she might go crazy. These people were just too strange.