**Don’t Resist Me! Chapter 6**

“If you insist on doing this, I hope you won’t regret it in the future.” She had originally planned to travel to the capital city on her own once her body healed, but now that she thought about it, she realized she was unfamiliar with the royal palace. Perhaps he was a valuable pawn that could be of great use to her. Since the celestial music had chosen him for her, not utilizing him would seem like quite a waste.

“I don’t even care that you once ate black jade ointment, what do I have to regret? Nuo’er, I will take care of you for the rest of my life.” He was willing to risk punishment and take her back to the Wang residence. What else did he have to fear? Heren Yichen whispered promises while kissing her tender neck.

“Then let’s wait and see.” Nangong Nuo’er lowered her eyelids, her expression blank.

“Nuo’er, why am I so obsessed with you? What kind of potion have you fed me?” As long as a day passed without seeing her, his mood would darken. He yearned to lock her up by his side, keeping her from leaving, a desire he had never felt before.

“I think you must be bewitched.”

It wasn’t just strange for him; it was strange for her too. Why couldn’t he seem to want anyone but her? He was such an arrogant and self-assured man; with his power, status, and striking looks, he could have any woman he wanted. So why did he choose her? Was it because of the celestial music? Did she inadvertently cast a spell on Heren Yichen?

The thought that it might be the celestial music’s doing made her heart ache unexpectedly. She didn’t like that assumption at all and wanted to confront Xianle for clarity. But aside from that one time, she hadn’t seen Xianle again. If it weren’t for that dream revealing unknown truths, she would have thought it was merely a figment of her imagination.

“Yes, I’m bewitched, completely enchanted by you.” In Heren Yichen’s eyes, there was no room for anything else; she was all he could see. He pushed her down onto the bed, and she no longer struggled. He released her hands, allowing her to move freely.

“You must be possessed. Why don’t you call a sorcerer to drive away the evil?” If he truly was infatuated with her because of the celestial music, she hoped he would wake up from this madness soon and stop clinging to her. Nangong Nuo’er lay back on the bed, her thoughts swirling.