**Voluntary Sacrifice! 1**

After taking a bath that evening, Nango Noer had the task of delivering her dirty clothes to the laundry room for the servants to wash. However, the Nango estate was enormous—much larger than the grand residence she used to live in. Having only walked through it once that day, she found herself completely lost. 

“Wait a minute, when Xiaoxiao brought me here this afternoon, I thought the laundry room was around here. How could it have changed?” Panic began to rise within her. She couldn’t possibly be lost! This place was still unfamiliar to her, and deep down, she knew she shouldn’t have insisted on doing the job alone instead of accepting Xiaoxiao’s offer to accompany her. She had confidently assured herself that it would be fine.

“Oh no, what if I can’t deliver the freshly laundered clothes to the Third Young Miss’s room in time? What am I going to do?!” Clutching Noer’s clothes tightly, she looked around, but all she saw was dim light and silence. There wasn't even a shadow in sight, let alone a person.

“Hello? Is anyone there? I’m lost! Can someone please tell me how to get to the laundry room?!” Ziyan called out anxiously, her voice echoing in the stillness of the night. But there was no reply, just the eerie quiet surrounding her, which sent a chill down her spine.

“This is so frustrating! Why is there no one around?” Ziyan sighed and continued walking forward. After what felt like an eternity, she spotted a courtyard up ahead, light spilling out from within. The glow looked like a beacon of hope, and she felt a rush of relief—there had to be someone there she could ask for directions. She quickened her pace, heading toward the light.

“Excuse me, is anyone there?!” Ziyan called out as she entered the courtyard, but no one answered her. Reluctantly, she approached the room from which the light emanated. Gritting her teeth, she raised her hand to knock on the door, but to her surprise, it swung open at the slightest touch. 

Stunned, she stepped inside and was immediately hit with a strong smell of alcohol.

Is someone drinking in here? Who could it be? Ziyan peered through the crack in the door and gasped. There, lying on the floor, was a person! She quickly pushed the door open and rushed inside, kneeling beside the figure to turn their face toward her.