**Willing Sacrifice! Part 2**

As she knelt beside the figure sprawled on the ground, she was taken aback to discover that it was none other than Nangong Xudan, the eldest son of the Nangong family. His eyes were tightly shut, and his face was flushed, clearly the result of heavy drinking. With a hint of worry, she gently shook his shoulder and called out, “Young Master, wake up! Are you alright?”

“Ming, Nuo…” In his hazy state, Nangong Xudan felt someone shaking him insistently. With great effort, he opened his eyes just a crack, enough to see a worried woman looking down at him. His vision was clouded, and he couldn’t quite make out her features, but there was a familiar fragrance wafting through the air—one that belonged to Nuo. Was it really her? Had she come to find him? A wave of happiness washed over him, as she had never sought him out before. But all he could see was a blurry silhouette.

“Young Master, what happened to you?!” Watching his lips move in a mumble, Ziyan, holding Nuo’s clothing in her arms, leaned closer to hear him better. When she caught the name “Nangong Nuo” slipping from his lips repeatedly, she froze in shock. Could she be hearing this right? He was calling for the Third Miss.

“Nuo? Is that you? I must be dreaming. You’ve never looked at me before, Nuo…” As Nangong Xudan’s vision slowly cleared, he realized that the person beside him was indeed Nuo. Unable to contain himself, he seized her arm and pulled her into his embrace.

“Ah! Young Master, what do you think you’re doing? Let go of me!” Ziyan exclaimed as she tumbled into his hold. Oh no, he had mistaken her for Nangong Nuo! Were they not siblings? Why was he… The implications hit her like a bolt of lightning, and she gasped, covering her mouth with her hands. Could it be that the Young Master had fallen in love with the Third Miss? In love with his own sister?

“Nuo, don’t you know? I love you, I’ve always loved you. Why are you with him? What does he have besides being a prince? Nuo, I can’t let you go with him. I won’t allow it!” Nangong Xudan declared passionately, rolling over and pinning Ziyan beneath him. He bent down, aiming to kiss her.

“Mm… Young Master… please… I’m not… the Third Miss… let go of me… let go of me…” Ziyan struggled beneath him, her heart racing. How could he treat her this way?