still lingered in the air!

She had come here to help Xiao Qi let go, but now it seemed that it wasn’t Xiao Qi who needed to move on, but rather everyone at the Nangong Manor had developed an undeserved glimmer of hope. Meng Han pulled her hand away from the girl and decisively turned to leave.

“Third Miss, this is your home! Where do you think you’re going?” Xiao Qi hurried forward, tugging at her sleeve with a look of distress. “Didn’t you say that as long as everyone in the manor believes you are really the Third Miss, you would stay?” Now that everyone accepted her as the Third Miss, how could she just abandon them and leave?

“Did I ever say that? I said I came back with you to help you let go, but I never said I would stay!” What a joke. This wasn’t her home, and why should she be expected to stay? Besides, she needed to figure out how to return to her modern life. She didn’t want to remain in this world that didn’t belong to her. Meng Han frowned, casting a sidelong glance at him.

“Nuo’er, is that really you?” Just as the standoff continued, a frail, elderly voice emerged from within. An old woman, supported by a maid, slowly made her way outside with a cane.

“Who’s she?” Meng Han asked, glancing at Xiao Qi as the old lady approached, visibly excited.

“Third Miss, that’s your grandmother! Have you really forgotten your own grandma? She loves you the most!” Xiao Qi looked up at Meng Han in shock. How could she forget her beloved grandmother? It seemed her amnesia was quite serious. The thought of it brought a wave of sorrow to him; how could such a kind-hearted person suffer like this?

“She’s my grandmother?” Watching the old lady’s ecstatic expression as she came closer, Meng Han felt a pang of guilt at the thought of shattering her hopes. The woman looked to be in her seventies or eighties, yet Meng Han had always been a loner, without family or friends. Seeing the warmth from these people stirred an unexpected feeling within her heart.

“Nuo'er, my dear granddaughter, how could you leave home without saying a word? You had me so worried!” The elderly woman reached out, taking Meng Han’s hand in hers. “You must always tell me when you leave the house from now on, alright? *Cough cough cough...*” Suddenly, she broke into a fit of coughing. 

The tension in the air shifted as Meng Han gazed at the old woman, her heart softening at the sight of the love and concern etched across the grandmother's face.