Section 180: A Misguided Offering (Part 3)
“Don’t fight me, Nuo’er! I love you! Why can’t you love me back? We grew up together—do you remember those days? You used to follow me everywhere, always wanting to play. So why are you pushing me away now? Why do you want to leave me? I won’t let you leave!”

Fueled by jealousy and the haze of alcohol, Nangong Xudan pressed down on her, pinning her struggles beneath his weight. In his desperation, he pulled loose the sash from her dress and used it to bind her hands, halting her frantic attempts to push him away. The scent lingering on her clothes filled the air, intoxicating him further. His gaze burned with an intensity that bordered on madness.

“Master, no! I’m Ziyan! I’m not the Third Miss!” Ziyan’s voice trembled with shock and fear. Her heart pounded as the truth dawned on her—he had mistaken her for the Third Miss, Nangong Nuo’er. This man loved his sister. How could such a thing be possible? The realization chilled her to the bone.

“You’re mine, Nuo’er. You’ve always been mine,” Xudan murmured, his voice thick with longing and possessiveness. “I won’t stand by and let you leave me for him. This is your home. You can’t belong to anyone else but me.” Jealousy raged within him at the thought of her with Helian Yichen. His emotions consumed him as he cupped her face, silencing her protests with a forceful kiss.

“Mmph… Let me go!” Ziyan cried out, her voice muffled as she tried to break free. But bound as she was, her strength was no match for his. Her resistance only seemed to inflame him further, driving his desperation to claim her.

“Nuo’er… my Nuo’er…” he whispered hoarsely. For as long as he could remember, he had cherished her above all else. Whatever she wanted, he would give—even the stars in the sky, if she asked. Yet everything had changed since Helian Yichen entered her life. She had distanced herself, but his feelings only deepened, turning into an obsession he could no longer control.

Ziyan clenched her lips tightly, refusing to let him take advantage of her. “No… I’m not her…” she thought desperately, her mind reeling. She remembered the first time she had seen him when she came to the manor—a tall, striking man with smoldering eyes that seemed to burn right through her. Despite his intensity, there had been something about him she couldn’t entirely dislike.