**Active Devotion! Chapter 6**

“I told you that you would get lost. You've only been here once; how could you remember it clearly? Thankfully, you made it back. You look exhausted; hurry up and get some rest. You need to wake up early tomorrow to attend to Miss San,” said Xiaoxiao, pulling her hand gently as they walked back to their dormitory.

Before Ziyan arrived, Xiaoxiao had been living here alone. Now that Ziyan was here, they shared the space together.

Ziyan lay on her bed but found it impossible to fall asleep. Part of the reason was the discomfort of a new environment, but more so because of Nangong Xudang—his figure lingered in her mind, shifting restlessly.

---

When Nangong Nuo’er woke up, it was already broad daylight. Helian Yichen was no longer in the room. She slowly propped herself up, feeling a bit sore—an aftermath of last night’s indulgence. She reached down to touch her thighs, which had ached last night, but now felt completely fine.

She furrowed her brow as a sudden memory struck her. In the hazy moments of last night, she remembered someone applying something on her thigh. Could it have been Helian Yichen who helped her with ointment? She bent down and sniffed her thigh, and indeed, there was a faint scent of medicinal cream.

She hadn’t expected him to care for her like that while she was asleep. A wave of unexplainable emotions surged within her, catching her off-guard.

It was surprising to discover that he could be so thoughtful. Her gaze drifted to the vase on the table, adorned with blooming rainbow orchids. They looked stunning in the darkness, but to her delight, they were equally beautiful in the light of day. He had said that if she was in a good mood, the orchids would bloom even more vibrantly. With the flowers looking so gorgeous now, could it mean that she was indeed feeling happy?

“How can there be such a magical flower? He must be playing tricks on me,” Nangong Nuo’er mused, shaking her head lightly. Yet, she couldn’t help but let her lips curl into a slight smile. As she pulled back the covers, intending to get out of bed, a sudden discomfort gripped her stomach, accompanied by a dull ache. She placed her hand on her lower abdomen, counting the days in her mind. Her period was already a month late—did that mean it was finally coming?

“It’s such a hassle in this ancient time; even when your period arrives, you can’t find peace.” The thought of the things women used in ancient times during their periods made her feel exasperated, almost wishing for the comfort of modernity.