**Chapter 2: Holding His Hand Firmly**

“Becoming a carpenter?” As the sounds of hammering echoed from within, Toba Tianye felt a sudden urge to meet the uncle that Nangong Nuoer had mentioned. He gazed at the courtyard hidden behind the surrounding wall, his eyes narrowing slightly as he said, “Miss San, I’d like to go in and meet your second uncle.” He had heard that all the business of the Nangong family was managed by Nangong Xudan, but he had rarely heard anything about this uncle. How could someone of his stature be hiding away in the courtyard as a carpenter? It didn’t sit right with him.

“Of course, Toba family head, please,” Nangong Nuoer replied with a blank expression, gesturing for him to enter.

Inside the courtyard, a young man dressed in simple, coarse clothing was meticulously carving a piece of wood with a knife. He was so focused that he didn’t seem to notice the group entering his space. Bathed in the bright sunlight, his concentrated expression as he worked created a scene that was almost picturesque.

Toba Tianye had never seen a man who looked so clean and pure. Though he appeared to be of a considerable age, there was an oddly youthful quality about him, evoking a desire to protect him. Watching his dedicated focus, Toba found himself unable to look away.

“Uncle, there are guests who want to meet you. I hope we’re not interrupting,” Nangong Nuoer softly called out as she approached him.

“Nuo Nuo, what brings you here? Who wants to meet me? Who are you?!” Nangong Yulou’s expression lit up with surprise and joy upon seeing Nangong Nuoer. They hadn’t seen each other since that day by the lake, and he put down his work, turning to face Toba Tianye with a look of astonishment in his clear eyes.

“You must be the second master of the Nangong family. I am Toba Tianye, the president of the Golden Dragon Society. It's a pleasure to meet you.” Toba Tianye stepped forward, noticing the man’s shy demeanor and clear eyes. He had the aura of someone who could be easily overlooked, yet there was something that drew Toba in. He extended his hand confidently, despite the gentle vulnerability emanating from Nangong Yulou.

“Oh, so you’re the leader of the Golden Dragon Society. It’s an honor. Thanks to your society’s support, our seaside business has flourished. I truly appreciate it!”

---

*Note: This is a fictional era; please do not scrutinize the handshake too closely; it's merely a narrative setup!*