**Chapter 3: Kissed in Public!**

The moment was electrifying. While everyone else gasped in shock, unable to hide their astonishment, Takuba Tianye watched with a mix of incredulity and amusement. The prince was wild, dominating, and had audaciously kissed the Third Miss of the Nangong family right in front of everyone.

Helian Yichen pressed his lips against hers again, several times, before lifting his head triumphantly. With a smirk, he turned to Takuba Tianye and taunted, "This should be enough to prove our relationship, don’t you think?"

What an amusing little lover he had, Takuba Tianye mused as he observed their brazen display, a sly smile curling at the corners of his lips.

That damn man had no shame, kissing her in front of so many people. Just because he could act without regard didn’t mean she would allow it. Furious, Nangong Nuo'er’s face turned a shade of deep crimson as she raised her hand, ready to slap him. But before her palm could even swing down, Helian Yichen, having anticipated her move, seized her wrist firmly.

“If I were you, I wouldn’t make any rash moves right now. Otherwise, you’ll be the one regretting it. If you provoke me, I can’t guarantee what I might do,” Helian Yichen whispered softly in her ear, his tone deceptively gentle. To an outsider, he looked like a devoted lover, but the underlying threat sent a shiver down her spine.

“Hmph.” Nangong Nuo'er understood his nature well; if she truly angered him, there would be no good outcome. For now, she had to swallow her indignation—her strength was no match for his.

“She just loves to stir up trouble, don’t mind her. I’ll take her home now, so feel free, Takuba,” Helian Yichen declared, wrapping an arm around Nangong Nuo'er and leading her away.

The revelation that the prince and the Third Miss of the Nangong family were a couple was truly intriguing. Takuba Tianye’s sharp, glimmering eyes darted toward the Nangong residence, where his interest was piqued even further.

“Let me go, you bastard! Did you hear me? Let go of me!” Nangong Nuo'er fumed, feeling half-dragged by him. She was aware of his intentions, and they were headed not to her courtyard but to his own quarters. She was determined not to let him have his way.

“Want me to let you go? Only if I’m dead,” Helian Yichen shot back, his expression darkening. The earlier scene of her laughing with that damned Takuba Tianye had ignited a fire of jealousy within him. He would never allow another man to lay even a finger on his woman.