**Chapter 4: A Public Kiss**

The scene where Tuo Ba Tianye had just embraced her sent a surge of anger coursing through him, igniting an impulse to kill. He couldn’t help but fantasize about cutting off the arms that had dared to hold Nángōng Nuò'ér.

"What’s wrong with you? I want to go back to my own place. I’m not going to yours." Nángōng Nuò'ér halted her steps, determined not to move forward. Going back to that place would only force her to relive those haunting memories—the unbearable scenes that still lingered in her mind.

"I don't feel comfortable leaving you alone right now. You need to move in with me." He felt uneasy about her staying by herself in Nángōng Manor, especially now that there was an unwanted guest around. His instincts told him that this newcomer had similar intentions regarding her, and he couldn't shake off the concern gnawing at him.

"Just because you say you’re worried, I’m supposed to move in with you? No way! Let go of me!" Nángōng Nuò'ér’s temper flared. Did he really think she was a pet to be ordered around like that? She balled her fists and swung them at him, realizing that reasoning with him was futile. It seemed that the only way to get through to him was to resort to physical confrontation.

"Nuò'ér, calm down." Hé Lián Yìchén found it both amusing and infuriating that she would actually try to take a swing at him. She knew she couldn’t beat him, yet here she was, attempting to solve things with brute force. He easily dodged her punch, but when she aimed a kick at him, he decided to humor her and engage in a playful spar.

"Third Miss, Your Highness!" Xiāo Xiāo and Xiǎo Qí stood by, wide-eyed at the unexpected turn of events as they witnessed the two of them fighting.

"Xiǎo Qí, what do we do if they really start fighting?!" Xiāo Xiāo tugged at Xiǎo Qí’s sleeve, her voice filled with anxiety.

"Don't worry. The Third Miss can’t possibly defeat His Highness; he won't hurt her." Xiǎo Qí reassured her, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder.

"Really?!" Watching them throw punches and kicks at each other, Xiāo Xiāo found it hard to believe that the Third Miss wouldn’t get hurt.

"Yes, look! His Highness isn’t even using his full strength. He’s purposely holding back for her sake." Having some martial skills himself, Xiǎo Qí noticed that Hé Lián Yìchén had no intention of genuinely fighting Nángōng Nuò'ér. From the very beginning, he had been letting her have her way.

"Hé Lián Yìchén, don’t think that just because you’re going easy on me, I’ll be grateful. Show me your true skills!" Even though she knew she was outmatched, her pride wouldn’t allow her to be seen as weak. Nángōng Nuò'ér poured all her energy into her attempts to take him down. 

As the playful tussle continued, an atmosphere thick with tension and unspoken feelings enveloped them, signaling that this was only the beginning of a much deeper conflict—one that would challenge their pride, their emotions, and their destinies.