被他狠狠地揍了一拳！3

"What?!" Harlan Yichen stopped dead in his tracks upon hearing her words, a look of disbelief flashing across his face. Just last night, they had been entangled in each other's arms, and now, he couldn't believe she was on her period today. Although he wasn't a woman and had never really taken the time to understand these matters, he knew that a woman needed special care during her menstrual cycle. Yet, he had just struck her hard in the abdomen.

Looking down at her face, contorted in pain, his heart felt like it was being ripped apart. Oh God, what had he done to her? He was such a fool...

As their figures slowly faded from view, a graceful silhouette emerged from the shadows, her dark eyes filled with resentment as she watched them disappear. Her hands, which hung limply by her sides, clenched tightly into fists, and her already pale fingers appeared even more ghostly.

———

This was the second time she had entered his room. The first time was because he had injured her foot, and this time, she was once again hurt because of him. Nangong Nuoer felt like he was her bad luck charm; being around him always seemed to lead to her getting hurt.

"Just go away. I don’t want to see you right now," she said flatly, lying on the bed and pressing her hand against her still-painful abdomen, her expression devoid of emotion as she addressed Harlan Yichen.

"Nuoer, I’m really sorry! I didn’t know you were on your period. If I had known, I would’ve never fought back. I would let you hit me, even if it meant you killed me. Why didn’t you just tell me?" Harlan Yichen seemed to ignore her demand to leave, gently brushing his fingers across her cold face and using his sleeve to wipe away the sweat beading on her brow.

"I said I don’t want to see you! Are you deaf?!" At that moment, no matter what he said, she couldn’t bear to listen. She turned her head away and couldn't help but shout at him. The force of her outburst pulled at her nerves, causing her to gasp for air, all thanks to him.

"Miss Nangong, you can’t get too worked up right now. The more agitated you are, the more pain you’ll feel in your abdomen," Xiao Xiao hurried in, bringing a warm towel and quickly advising her, alarmed by her shouting.

"That's right, Nuoer. For your own good, try to stay calm. If you keep your cool, your stomach won’t hurt as much."