**A Hard Punch to the Face! 4**

Herlian Yicheng watched her in such pain, feeling a bit lost in the moment. This was something he had never encountered before. He took the hot towel from Xiaoxiao's hands, intending to help wipe her face, but was immediately stopped by her.

“Your Highness, that hot towel isn’t meant for wiping faces,” Xiaoxiao said, her cheeks tinged with embarrassment.

“If it’s not for wiping faces, then what is it for?!” Herlian Yicheng asked, holding the towel in confusion.

“It’s meant for applying to the stomach,” she explained. “Using a hot towel on the abdomen and gently massaging can help alleviate pain.” It was their usual practice, but given that the Third Miss had been hurt by His Highness's fist, she wondered if it would even help.

“You should’ve said so sooner.” Realizing the towel was intended for a hot compress on the lower abdomen, Herlian Yicheng immediately lifted the blanket, wanting to personally help Nangong Nuo’er.

“Wait! Stay away! I don’t want your help!” Nangong Nuo’er protested, but another wave of intense pain surged through her abdomen, causing her to draw in a sharp breath. How could it hurt this much?!

“You’re already in this much pain. Can we call a truce for now? Your health is more important. Even if you want to kill me right now, you still need the strength to do so. I promise that once you're better, you can yell at me, hit me—whatever you want. But for now, just be good and don’t move. Otherwise, don’t blame me if I have to apply pressure to your acupoints,” Herlian Yicheng said, half coaxing, half threatening.

“You...” She wanted to retort, to tell him not to feign concern, but as she caught her breath, another wave of agony hit her. She could only glare at him with her beautiful eyes filled with anger. Yet, she didn’t struggle anymore, as she had already lost the strength to resist.

“Now, that’s more like it. Xiaoxiao, you can step outside for a moment. I’ll take care of her,” Herlian Yicheng said, suddenly remembering that Xiaoxiao was still there, and he used a commanding tone that left no room for refusal.

“Yes, then I’ll leave the Third Miss in your care,” Xiaoxiao replied, casting a worried glance at the reluctant Third Miss. She knew the prince would take good care of her, but her concern lingered. However, she couldn’t go against the prince’s orders, so she left with a heavy heart.

“Xiaoxiao, don’t worry. His Highness will take good care of your Third Miss,” Qin Tian, who was waiting outside, comforted her gently as he noticed her worried expression.