**Chapter 7: A Heavy Blow**

He was struck with a fierce punch!

“How could this happen? Is there really no other way to alleviate her pain?!” Helian Yichen’s charming face instantly fell heavy at the words. He never imagined that his careless punch would bring such serious consequences for Nora. He wished more than anything that he could take her pain upon himself.

“Unfortunately, there is no immediate solution. She will need to take care of her body in the future,” the doctor said with a heavy sigh. “However, her current condition may affect her ability to conceive later on.”

“What?! What kind of impact?” Helian Yichen’s voice rose in agitation as he grasped the doctor’s collar, his violet eyes glaring at him as if he had just murdered his entire family. The sheer intensity of his gaze left the doctor trembling in fear.

“Your Highness, please calm down. You’re scaring the doctor!” Qin Tian, standing nearby, was startled by the prince's sudden loss of control. He had followed Helian Yichen for so long, yet he had never seen him so unhinged. He quickly stepped in to rescue the doctor from Helian’s grip, the poor man’s face pale and his knees weak with fright.

“The woman’s body is at its most fragile right now. If her abdomen has taken a blow like this, the chances of miscarriage in the future are significant, and she may also face difficulties during childbirth,” the doctor stammered, cowering behind Qin Tian. Helian’s fierce eyes seemed to burn into him, making him feel as if he might catch fire.

“No, how can this be? Doctor, please tell me, what can be done to heal her body? I’m willing to pay any price!” Helian Yichen was determined to raise their children together with her.

This was a devastating blow that he simply could not accept. She couldn’t be like this—no matter what, he had to get her the help she needed. He envisioned a future where she would nurture their children alongside him.

“Sir, I’m truly sorry. There’s nothing I can do,” the doctor shook his head, regret etched on his face. If he had the means to help her, he wouldn’t have said those words in the first place.

“Xiao Qi, please escort the doctor out,” Qin Tian said, understanding Helian Yichen’s turmoil. He knew the doctor had no reason to stay any longer. He nodded at Xiao Qi, then stepped forward. “Your Highness, perhaps the imperial physician in the palace will have a way to help Miss Nora’s condition. Don’t lose hope.”