**Chapter 9: A Punch to Remember**

His long fingers gently brushed against her perfectly shaped eyebrows, his gaze fixed intently on her face until her eyes suddenly flew open.

"Why are you awake? You should rest a little longer," he said, a hint of guilt creeping into his voice. He had completely forgotten how much more alert she was than most people. Hélian Yicheng realized that it was his fault for waking her up. Looking into her strikingly beautiful eyes, he felt a pang of regret. Last night, he had finally begun to win her heart, and now it seemed to all be shattered by his impulsive punch.

"How could I possibly sleep when your hand is all over my face?!" After resting for a bit, she felt much better. It didn't surprise her to see the man she wanted to strangle as soon as she opened her eyes.

"I'm sorry, I just couldn't help myself. Nuo'er, how are you feeling now? Does your stomach still hurt? If it does, you have to tell me," Hélian Yicheng said earnestly, holding her hand.

"Thanks to your great fortune, I'm feeling absolutely wonderful," Nangong Nuo'er replied with a self-deprecating smirk, pulling her hand back from his grasp. "I don't like it when people touch my hands and feet."

"Alright, I won’t touch you. I’ll just watch you like this. Is that okay?" He observed that she still had enough energy to scold him, so she must be alright. If it were anyone else saying such things to him, he would have turned and walked away, but she was different. No matter what she said, he couldn't abandon her. She was the patient, and the patient was the priority; he would just have to accept whatever she said.

"Hmph." Nangong Nuo'er let out a cold huff before slowly closing her eyes again. She knew exactly what condition her body was in and understood that what she needed most now was rest. As long as he didn't lay a finger on her, she could tolerate his presence in the room.

"Go ahead and sleep. I'll be right here watching over you." It was a relief that she didn't kick him out. Normally, she would have ordered him to leave the room already, but now she seemed to be allowing him to stay. Did that mean she didn’t actually dislike him as much as before? Hélian Yicheng thought to himself, a tender smile breaking across his lips as he gazed at her with a look of fondness.

Watching over her? How ironic. Who was it that had put her in this bed, unable to get up? Nangong Nuo'er scoffed at his words, but she said nothing more. She let her consciousness float away, slowly drifting off to sleep, with his presence lingering beside her the entire time.