He was actually toying with Nora’s bodice!

“Excuse me, Young Master, I’m here because I accidentally left something behind last night. I’m not sure if you’ve seen it; it’s very important. If you happen to find it, please let Ziyan know. Thank you!” Ziyan stepped into the room, not daring to meet his gaze. As she entered, her face flushed with embarrassment, and she kept her eyes glued to the floor, too shy to look up.

“Oh, so you’re here looking for something? I thought you had something significant to discuss with me,” he replied with a teasing smirk.

Ziyan appeared innocent and pure, but who knew she was just another willing plaything? Last night, he had gotten drunk and, at first, mistook her for Nora because of the sweet scent lingering on her clothes. However, he soon realized his mistake. Nangong Xudan’s lips curled into a disdainful smirk. As the eldest son of the Nangong family, ever since his father had passed away and his uncle took over the affairs, the family’s wealth had fallen into his hands. Naturally, women who wanted to please him were as numerous as the rivers flowing into the sea. He never turned away those who threw themselves at him, but she had crossed the line by making him think she was Nora. That was an unforgivable act of desecration.

“Please, Young Master, don’t misunderstand. Ziyan really is just here to find something. I hope you can kindly return what I left behind yesterday,” she pleaded, her voice trembling. 

She didn’t lift her head to look at him but could feel the disdain radiating from him. He didn’t like her—no, he hated her. She bit her lip gently, a wave of discomfort washing over her. What was she? Just a lowly concubine who had run away from another’s household. How could she expect him to even glance her way? Was she really so foolish and naive?

“Oh? What did you lose here last night? If you don’t tell me, how am I supposed to know what you’re missing?” Nangong Xudan observed her as she kept her head down, not daring to look him in the eye. A glimmer of amusement flashed in his eyes as he toyed with the wine bottle in his hand, feigning nonchalance.

“Um, that is…” How could she possibly say it was the Third Miss’s intimate clothing? Ziyan clutched the hem of her dress tightly, at a loss for words.