He was actually toying with Nora's undergarment! 

“What is it? Come on, say it! If you don’t speak, how am I supposed to know?!” Last night, she had been so bold, trying to entice him, but now she was suddenly mute?! Nangong Xudan cast a teasing glance at her.

“That’s the Third Miss’s intimate garment. I’ve searched everywhere else and the only place left is with you, Young Master. I believe it must have been left here. Please, if you’ve seen it, could you return it to Ziyan?” 

This was about the Third Miss’s reputation; she could not let her down. Ziyan pleaded in a soft, desperate tone.

“Do you not look at the person you’re begging? Or do I have three heads and six arms that scare you so much you can’t even meet my gaze?!” Remembering how Nora never looked him in the eye, Nangong Xudan suddenly felt a wave of resentment. When someone spoke to him and didn’t look him in the eye, he slammed the bottle of wine onto the table, causing the cold liquid to splash over the surface.

“Young Master!” Why did he suddenly explode in anger? Ziyan froze for a moment, wanting to lift her head to look at him but hesitating, panic washed over her as she didn’t know what to do.

“Lift your head! Did you hear me?!” It was infuriating how slow she was to respond. Seeing her still looking down, Nangong Xudan shouted in frustration.

“Alright, alright, I’ll look up!” Ziyan was startled by his outburst and quickly raised her head.

“Now that’s better. Ziyan, are you looking for this undergarment?!” Once he saw her obediently meeting his gaze, a satisfied smile finally broke across Nangong Xudan's face. He reached into his robe and pulled out the very undergarment she was searching for, holding it up to his nose and inhaling deeply as if no one else was around.

“Young Master, that’s the Third Miss’s intimate garment.” Watching him sniff the Third Miss’s undergarment with a look of indulgence on his face, Ziyan was shocked. Last night he had been drunk, but he seemed completely sober now. Could it be that his interest in the Third Miss wasn’t just the result of alcohol? Was he always thinking of her? Oh my god, they were siblings! How could he harbor such thoughts about his own sister? Ziyan felt her legs wobble beneath her.

“I know it’s hers. The scent on it is unique. Ziyan, don’t you want to take it back?”