**He was actually playing with Nora's belly band!**

Nangong Xuduan squinted his intoxicated eyes, a wicked smile of desire curling on his lips.

"Young Master, that is the Third Miss's personal clothing. Please return it to Ziyan," Ziyan said, taking a couple of steps forward and extending her palm toward him. Her heart raced as if it would burst out of her chest. Last night's events were already shocking enough, but at this moment, her anxiety had escalated even further. She was genuinely worried that he wouldn't give it back to her.

"I can’t touch her, but now that I’ve finally gotten my hands on one of her undergarments, do you really think I would just give it back?!" Nangong Xuduan couldn't help but burst into laughter at her innocent expression.

"You can't just claim the Third Miss's underwear for yourself! If anyone finds out, both you and the Third Miss will be scorned by the world," Ziyan pleaded, her eyes reddening in panic. It was all her fault; she shouldn't have come here last night.

"Are you really desperate to get that belly band back?!" Nangong Xuduan's face darkened as he observed her anxious demeanor.

"Yes, Ziyan really wants to retrieve the Third Miss's personal item. Young Master, what do you want me to do to get it back?!" It was incredibly twisted of him to toy with his own sister's underwear. She felt regret for ever having felt attracted to him.

"Getting it back isn’t impossible, but only if you can please me. Then I’ll let you take it," Nangong Xuduan said, pressing the belly band against his face. He half-closed his mesmerized eyes, feeling the soft texture against his skin, as if he were touching Nora’s delicate skin.

"What does the Young Master want Ziyan to do to please you?!" Ziyan was taken aback by his unexpected words, assuming he meant for her to please him with her body. A flush of embarrassment crept across her face.

"Stop being so suggestive. When I say 'please me,' I mean I need you to help me with some tasks, not what you’re thinking," Nangong Xuduan said, glancing at her disdainfully, knowing exactly where her mind had wandered. He beckoned her closer with a wave of his hand.

"Oh." So he wanted her to help him with something. Ziyan felt a mix of relief and disappointment as she slowly walked over. Leaning in slightly, Nangong Xuduan whispered a few words close to her lips, in a tone only they could hear. After she heard what he had to say, her expression immediately changed.