**A Strong Woman!**

The dim, golden light of the setting sun spilled into the room, casting a dreamy aura that made everything feel a bit surreal.

“Nora, you’re awake! Does your stomach still hurt?!” Helian Yichen, who had spent the entire day by her side, finally relaxed a bit when he saw her color had improved. His tense expression softened just a little.

“It doesn’t hurt.” Nangong Nora propped herself up in bed. Although her lower abdomen still throbbed somewhat, the pain was nothing compared to the agony she had felt before losing consciousness. To her, this discomfort was hardly worth mentioning.

“Really? But your brows are furrowed pretty tightly,” Helian Yichen raised an eyebrow, observing her knitted brows.

“I’m used to frowning,” Nangong Nora replied nonchalantly.

“I wish you could be a little happier. Can you try to get used to not frowning?” Helian Yichen couldn’t help but reach out to caress her slightly cold cheek, his expression a mix of indulgence and concern.

“I also wish you would stop clinging to me. Is that something you can manage?!” Unfortunately for him, his tenderness couldn’t break through her defenses. Nangong Nora brushed his hand away from her face; she hadn't even settled the score with him for her injuries yet.

“Nangong Nora!” Helian Yichen’s face immediately darkened at her words, and he raised his voice several notches. He knew her temperament all too well, yet every time he heard her cold remarks, it sparked a fire of anger within him that he couldn’t suppress.

“I’m not deaf; you don’t need to shout my name,” Nangong Nora completely ignored his fury. She pushed him aside and got out of bed. “I’m hungry. I want to eat.” She hadn’t eaten anything all day, and she was definitely not the type to starve herself.

“Zi Yan made some light dishes just a while ago. You should eat a bit; it’s just been served,” Helian Yichen, who had been ready to get angry over her words, felt his irritation dissipate upon hearing she was hungry. He suppressed his anger and helped her to the dining hall.

“My legs aren’t broken; I don’t need help.” Always fiercely independent, Nangong Nora hated showing weakness in front of others. She disliked being treated like a delicate little flower. Pushing his hand away, she walked out on her own.

“Nangong Nora.” Watching her slender figure retreat, Helian Yichen couldn’t help but grit his teeth in frustration.