What Were They Up To? 1

“What were they up to?” 

“I’m Nuo’er’s older brother! Why on earth won’t you let me in to see her? Are you hiding something? Is it because your lord is mistreating our little sister and doesn’t want us to know? Don’t think just because you’re skilled in martial arts that I’m afraid of you!” Nangong Xudang exclaimed, his voice boiling with anger.

“Big Brother, have you had enough of this ruckus?!” Nangong Nuo'er suddenly flung the door open. Seeing her brother making a scene, her expression darkened, and she snapped coldly.

“Little Sister, it’s enough that you came out! I’m your big brother, and he won’t let me see you. I heard you were injured—how are you feeling now? Are you any better?!” As soon as Nangong Xudang saw her, he pushed Qin Tian aside and rushed to Nuo'er, concern etched on his face. Qin Tian, realizing that Nuo'er was already awake thanks to Xudang’s shouting, decided it was pointless to intervene any further and stood back, head lowered.

“Big Brother, do you even know what time it is?! It’s the middle of the night, and you’re here yelling like a madman! Can’t you at least have the decency to remember you’re the eldest son of the Nangong family?” Nuo'er shot back, irritation lacing her words. There were outsiders present, and he couldn’t be a little more dignified? She didn’t care about her own reputation, but he was ruining her peace and quiet, and she was in no mood to give him a warm reception.

“I only just learned you were hurt, and I was worried. That’s why…” Nangong Xudang noticed her displeasure and quickly added, “I’m sorry! I was just too anxious to know if you were alright, that’s all.”

“Enough with the excuses. Now that you’ve seen me, can you go back?” Nuo'er waved her hand dismissively, her tone icy.

“Since you’re fine, I can rest easy. I’m sorry for waking you; I’ll be heading back now.” Although he was reluctant to leave, her words were resolute. He didn’t have the face to stay any longer. Nangong Xudang reluctantly glanced back at her before slowly turning to leave.

“Qin Tian, what are you doing here? Where is your master?!” After Xudang left, Nuo'er was about to turn back into her room to continue resting. However, remembering what she had heard in her sleep, she couldn’t help but ask Qin Tian a question.

“Third Miss, the master had urgent matters to attend to. He instructed me to stay here and keep watch over you,” Qin Tian replied, carefully avoiding the heavier topics.