**What Are They Up To? 4**

Nan Gong Nuo'er fell silent at the words. Just then, a commotion erupted at the dock ahead. She squinted her eyes to see, noticing a man in a black brocade robe striding toward a cargo ship, surrounded by a throng of people. 

As he passed by, she could hear faint shouts of "Boss!" echoing through the crowd. She wanted to get a better look at his face, but he had his back turned to her, making it impossible. Still, she could sense that he was an imposing figure, radiating authority and seemingly difficult to deal with.

“Qin Tian, who is he…” Nan Gong Nuo'er was about to ask Qin Tian when suddenly, she felt an unfamiliar presence closing in on her. Her heart skipped a beat, and her hand instinctively moved to the soft whip at her waist. But before she could draw it, a hand clamped over her mouth, while another arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her to a safer spot.

Nan Gong Nuo'er initially intended to struggle and fight back, but when the familiar masculine scent enveloped her senses, she surrendered, allowing him to drag her away.

“Damn it, what are you doing here?!” Helian Yichen grunted as he yanked her far away from the dock before finally releasing her. His voice was laced with anger, cutting sharply through the air.

“If you can come here, why can't I?!” Nan Gong Nuo'er pulled his hand away from her mouth, straightening her clothes that he had disheveled. She replied coolly, taking her time to respond.

“Damn it, woman! Do you not realize how dangerous it is here? If they find you, they’ll definitely silence you for good!” Just the thought of her being in danger ignited a blazing anger within Helian Yichen. If it hadn't been for his discovery of the Black Eagles' arrival, he couldn't believe she would venture into such perilous territory.

“I'll be careful not to get caught. I just want to find out what's going on.” She hadn’t intended to get involved, but the situation had changed. Perhaps it was her curiosity, or maybe it was just her instinct as a professional investigator kicking in.

“Nuo'er, this isn't something you should meddle in.” The situation was escalating, and now even the president of the Golden Dragon Society had appeared. Helian Yichen tightened his grip on her shoulders, his tone firm, carrying an undertone of warning.