"Help me wash my back, and I'll tell you!" Part 6

"Fine, since you say it’s not good, let’s just forget it. I’ve never liked forcing people into things anyway," Yun Haoxuan shrugged nonchalantly.

"Don’t say that!" That annoying little brat. He claims he doesn’t like to force her, but he does it all the time. Ugh, this time I really sacrificed a lot. Han Xiaohui, I hope I’m living up to your expectations.

"You're saying this is bad, and that is not acceptable. So what do you actually want?" He stared at her, feigning impatience.

"Is there any other way?" He was in the shower—how could she possibly be there? That would be embarrassing. But that was a minor concern; what if something happened in there? Unconsciously, she pictured them in the bathroom, him lounging in the bathtub while she held a brush to wash his back. Then suddenly, he would turn around, wearing that wicked, mischievous smile, and leap towards her… No, no, that can't happen! She shook her head vigorously.

"There’s no other way. You come here, and I’ll tell you. If you don’t, then forget it, and don’t bother me while I'm eating." He pushed her hands away again and resumed eating leisurely.

"You…" How outrageous! He clearly wants to make things difficult for her while pretending not to. Such a hypocritical brat. -_-#

"Have you eaten enough? If you don’t hurry, the food’s going to get cold." He glanced at her pouty cheeks and raised an eyebrow.

"I’m full," she replied, feeling more irritated than satisfied. How could she enjoy a meal when he was so infuriating?

"You’re just saying that out of anger. You don’t have much meat on you; it’s not enough. Come on, eat more, or I’ll have to feed you myself. O(∩_∩)O~"

"If you think I’m not worth carrying, then don’t carry me! I’m perfectly capable, and I don’t need you to feed me."

"Sure, you might be fine on your own, but I just love holding you. Now eat up." He took her bowl and placed it in front of her, his tone commanding.

"I won’t eat. If you don’t tell me whether he has a girlfriend or not, then I won’t eat at all. I’m going on a hunger strike!" Luo Xier glared at the bowl of white rice, instantly coming up with a plan to deal with him.

"You’re going on a hunger strike? Are you sure?" Yun Haoxuan turned around, looking surprised.

"Yes, that’s right! Starting today, I’m not eating anything," she declared. Normally, he always supervised her eating; if she started a hunger strike, surely he would give in this time. Luo Xier smiled to herself, plotting her next move.