**Let Me Stay and Accompany You! 4**

Her mind began to blur, the world around her fading into a haze as her body craved the black jade ointment. She felt an intense longing, a desperate urge to consume it. Amid the fog, a frantic voice pierced through her thoughts, urging her to bite down on his wrist. She shook her head, instinctively wanting to refuse.

But just then, images of how he had once hurt her flashed across her mind, igniting a surge of hatred that bubbled up from the depths of her heart. No longer able to resist, she opened her mouth and sank her teeth into him, as if trying to pour out all her pent-up anger and resentment.

Herlian Yichen held her tightly, feeling her cold, trembling body against him. It was as if his heart was being pricked by a thousand needles; the sharp pain in his wrist paled in comparison to the torment within.

---

Outside the door, Xiaoqi and Ziyan were keeping watch. Xiaoqi’s expression was grave, sensing something significant was unfolding inside. Ziyan, unaware of Nangong Nuoer’s predicament with the black jade ointment, felt the tension in the air. She turned to Xiaoqi with questions, but he refused to divulge anything, insisting she shouldn’t pry or be curious. But how could she not? While she outwardly agreed not to question him further, doubt gnawed at her insides.

“Xiaoqi, how is the Third Miss doing right now?!” As they paced anxiously, Xiaoxiao appeared. Unlike her usual hairstyle, which pulled all her hair up, today she let it cascade down one side, cleverly covering her right side.

“The prince is inside; she should be fine. But what are you doing here? The Third Miss can’t see the wound on your face. If she finds out, it could cause a big problem,” Xiaoqi glanced at Ziyan before pulling Xiaoxiao aside, his voice low.

“It’s the Third Miss’s time to act up today. If I didn’t come, I wouldn’t feel at ease. Don't worry; I’ve covered it with my hair. She won’t notice,” Xiaoxiao reassured them. They had all been tracking the days when Nangong Nuoer was likely to have her episodes. In the past, they were always by her side, and if she didn’t see them, she would undoubtedly feel unsettled. She absentmindedly brushed a few strands of hair from her face, her tone a bit distant.

“But you still have bandages on your face! The Third Miss has sharp eyes; she’ll spot it easily,” Xiaoqi said anxiously, worry etched across his features.