**Your Hands Are Truly Perfect! 3**

Seeing the flustered look on his face, Adam couldn’t help but let out a low chuckle that hinted at his amusement. It was clear to him that he had just managed to get under his skin.

“Y-you... let go,” Nan Gong Yulou stammered. Although he had been startled by Adam's sudden closeness, Adam’s teasing words only made him feel as if he were overreacting. This realization somehow lightened his mood, and he found himself laughing. Pushing Adam's hand away with some force, a flicker of irritation crossed his face, but he quickly masked it.

“Are you alright, Yulou?” Despite being shoved aside, Toba Tianye didn’t see anything wrong with the situation, nor did he feel ashamed. His sharp eyes had caught the brief flash of annoyance on Yulou's face. That wasn’t the expression of an ordinary carpenter. Watching as Yulou swiftly reverted to his calm demeanor, a smirk began to play at the corners of Toba's lips.

“I’m fine. I think we’re not close enough to drop formalities yet. You should still call me Second Master, Toba,” Nan Gong Yulou replied coolly, putting on an air that pushed people away.

“That’s not true at all. I’m already living in your house. Isn’t that enough for our friendship? Yulou, I like calling you that,” Toba Tianye said, unabashedly.

“Suit yourself, but I prefer not to have anyone watching me while I work. If you have nothing else to do, you’re free to go, Toba,” Nan Gong Yulou declared, unwilling to expend more words on someone so thick-skinned. He delivered the dismissal with a sense of finality; there was no need to be polite to someone so shameless.

“Don’t worry, just focus on your work. I’ll keep myself busy,” said Toba Tianye, seemingly oblivious to the underlying meaning of Yulou's words. He rested his chin on his hand, half-closing his eyes, a lazy expression on his face as he gazed at Yulou, as if admiring a precious artifact.

“Then you…” Being scrutinized by those suggestive eyes made Yulou feel uneasy. He glanced at Toba, who showed no sign of leaving, and lowered his gaze.

“Rest assured, I’m just a bit curious about how your flawless hands manage to create such things. I promise I won’t make a sound while you work; you can pretend I’m invisible,” Toba Tianye said, a faint smile gracing his lips.

“Toba, I think you’re misunderstanding me. What I mean is, I can’t concentrate on my work with someone watching me.”