**The Man Who Broke into the Chamber! Part 1**

"Xiaoxiao, do you have any simpler clothes?" This ancient attire was nothing short of complicated; wrapped in layers, it felt like she was being suffocated. Back in the modern world, aside from her underwear, she typically wore just a tank top and an outer garment. Of course, there were occasions when she needed to dress up for specific missions, but right now? She felt like a dumpling, and it was overwhelming.

"Miss San, what do you mean by that?" Xiaoxiao looked at her in confusion. It seemed her mistress was unhappy with her outfit, but hadn't she always dressed this way?

"I mean I don’t need to wear so many layers. Just one or two simple pieces are enough. With this heavy clothing, I feel really uncomfortable," Nangong Nuo'er said, counting the layers on her body with her fingers. There were at least four or five! Seriously, it wasn't even winter; wearing so many clothes could make anyone feel like they were going to melt. She hated the heat more than anything.

"Miss San, you’re joking, right? You can’t wear so few layers!" Xiaoxiao shook her head vigorously. Wearing just one or two pieces would be completely inappropriate!

"Forget it, you ancient folks are such a hassle." Nuo'er frowned and waved her hand dismissively. Modern people were so much smarter when it came to clothing design. It looked like she'd need to find time to get some new outfits that fit her taste.

"Miss San, your words are quite strange. What do you mean by 'you ancient folks'? It sounds like you're not even from our era," Xiaoxiao noted, her brow furrowing in confusion. Ever since Nuo'er returned, it felt like she had become a new person. Sure, her appearance was still that of the original Miss San, but her personality and habits were entirely different. Xiaoxiao couldn't shake the feeling that something was off. Could amnesia really change someone so drastically?

"Did my second sister not tell you? I have amnesia. I've forgotten everything about this place, including my likes, habits, and personality. You’d better get used to this new version of Miss San," Nuo'er stated, quickly picking up on Xiaoxiao's thoughts from the expression on her face. She decided to take the initiative.

"Yes, Miss San." Xiaoxiao bowed her head in response, a nagging feeling that something was definitely amiss still lingering in her mind, though she couldn't pinpoint what it was.

"Ah, I heard our Miss San Nuo'er has returned!" Just then, the atmosphere shifted...