**Your Hands Are Truly Perfect! 5**

"Didn't you already ask me this question? The secret to having perfect hands lies in regular care; only with well-maintained hands can one create the most exquisite things in the world," Nanjing Yulou replied coolly.

"Oh, I see! Yulou, do you know? The first time I saw your hands, I thought it would be nearly impossible to find another pair of male hands as beautiful as yours in this world. But… do you know what I saw when I went out last night?!" Tuo Ba Tianye wore a mysterious smile, his sharp eyes fixed intently on Yulou, as if he didn't want to miss any flicker of expression on his face.

"Tuo Ba, you're really strange. I didn’t go out with you last night, so how would I know what you saw?! And frankly, I'm not interested in whatever it was," Nanjing Yulou felt a wave of discomfort wash over him under Tuo Ba’s brazen gaze, as if ants were crawling all over his skin. If he weren't a guest of the Nanjing family, Yulou would have kicked him out ages ago. He thought to himself that he needed to endure…

"No, you’ll definitely find it interesting. Do you know anyone from the Fengshui Gang?!" It was clear that Tuo Ba was getting impatient; his expression told Yulou all he needed to know. But until he got the information he sought, he wouldn’t let Yulou off the hook, so he decided to be a bit more patient. Tuo Ba smiled as he looked at him.

"The Fengshui Gang has business dealings with our Nanjing family, but those matters are handled by Xu Dan. I never inquire about them, so of course, I don’t know anyone from the Fengshui Gang," Nanjing Yulou replied, his expression unchanged.

"Really don’t know anyone?!" Tuo Ba raised an eyebrow, clearly skeptical.

"I said I don’t know anyone, and if you don’t believe me, there’s nothing I can do about it," Nanjing Yulou said coldly.

"Alright, if you don’t know, that’s fine. Let me tell you a secret: the leader of the Fengshui Gang has hands just like yours—equally beautiful. I thought you two might be acquainted, given you both take such good care of your hands. It’s a pity you don’t know each other; I was hoping you could introduce me to him," Tuo Ba Tianye said, disappointment etched all over his face.

"If you want to meet him, you can ask my nephew for help; he can assist you with that. I can’t do anything," Nanjing Yulou replied, his tone matter-of-fact.