**Take Off Your Clothes! 2**

She had already sent her clothes out for washing, but the path to the laundry wasn’t straightforward—had she taken a wrong turn?!

Nangong Nuo'er initially wanted to ignore the situation and continue on her way to Haoyue Liansi's residence. However, when she realized she was headed toward her so-called older brother Nangong Xudang's place, her brows furrowed instinctively. Although this route could also lead to the laundry, it took a much longer detour. Having been here for several days, there was no way she could have gotten lost. Just as she was about to follow along, she suddenly sensed another presence nearby and quickly concealed herself in the shadows.

As Ziyan turned around a corner, another figure slowly emerged from the dim shadows ahead, following her. From the silhouette, it appeared to be a woman.

“Why is there another woman following Ziyan?!” Watching their figures disappear into the distance, Nangong Nuo'er decided to follow discreetly. If Ziyan hadn’t been one of her own, she would have chosen to stay out of it. However, since Ziyan was indeed under her protection, she needed to find out what was going on.

As usual, Ziyan was quietly making her way to Nangong Xudang's courtyard, holding onto Nangong Nuo'er’s clothes. Inside, Nangong Xudang was drinking, not completely drunk but definitely feeling the effects.

“Eldest Young Master, I’m here.” Ziyan arrived at his door, pushing it open without knocking. Upon seeing him slightly tipsy, she couldn't help but frown. “Eldest Young Master, alcohol is poison; you should really drink less.”

“You're here, close the door.” Nangong Xudang's eyes, slightly glazed from the drink, lit up with a hint of excitement when he saw her.

“Yes, Eldest Young Master.” At his command, Ziyan promptly closed the door and approached him, holding Nangong Nuo'er’s clothes in front of her.

“Did anyone see you when you came?” Nangong Xudang asked cautiously, studying her.

“Eldest Young Master, please rest assured, no one noticed me. I was very careful,” Ziyan assured him.

“Good. Now, take off your clothes.” Nangong Xudang's eyes sparkled with anticipation as he issued the command in a tone that brooked no refusal.

“Eldest Young Master?!” Was she imagining things? Did he really just tell her to take off her clothes? Ziyan’s body trembled slightly, unable to comprehend what he was really after. What was he planning to do?!