**Take Off Your Clothes! 4**

“No way, Young Master! This is the Third Miss's dress—I can’t wear it, I'm just a servant!” Ziyan caught the clothes he threw her, her face paling as she finally understood why he wanted her to strip. She shook her head repeatedly, panic setting in.

“Whether you like it or not, if I tell you to wear it, you wear it. If you keep whining, you can go back like that.” Nangong Xudan stretched his long leg, stepping on her dress that she had just taken off. His expression darkened as he said this.

“No, Young Master, please don’t!” Ziyan’s heart shattered as she watched him trample on her clothing. To him, her dress was just something to toss around, while she herself was treated like a mere object beneath his feet.

“Ziyan, if you’re smart, you won’t make me say this a third time. Hurry up and put it on, or you can run back naked.” His patience was wearing thin as Nangong Xudan’s voice turned icy.

“Fine, I’ll wear it!” Ziyan felt cornered with no other choice. She reluctantly reached for the dress that didn’t belong to her. Just as she was about to put it on, the door was suddenly flung open with a loud bang.

“Can someone tell me what the hell is going on here?!” Standing in the doorway was Nangong Nuoer. Upon seeing Ziyan holding her dress, ready to put it on, she felt a surge of nausea. However, she masked her disgust, fixing them both with a cold, piercing gaze.

“Third Miss!” Ziyan nearly jumped out of her skin at the sight of Nangong Nuoer. She gasped, overwhelmed and unsure of what to do.

“First, put on your clothes! How can you expose yourself in front of others?!” Seeing Ziyan’s guilty and nervous demeanor, Nangong Nuoer was filled with anger. She hadn’t expected that Ziyan would get entangled with her ‘good’ brother so soon after arriving. She had brought Ziyan back not to have her tangled up with the people of the Nangong Manor; this was such a disappointment.

“Little Sister, she was the one who seduced me! It’s not my fault!” Nangong Xudan hadn’t expected Nangong Nuoer to burst in like this. He panicked and quickly kicked the dress away from under his foot, standing up to face her and explain.

“You don’t need to explain. I heard everything! You told her to wear my clothes. With so many maids in the Nangong family, given your status, you must have plenty of women outside. Why did you have to target someone from my side?!”