“Take off your clothes!” Part 5

She had very few people she could rely on—only three—and now, one of them had been hurt. As for the other, it was just laughable. Nangong Nuo'er clenched her fists, fighting the urge to throw a punch. She glared at him coldly and asked, “What do you have to say for yourself?”

“Nuo'er, listen to me! I didn’t want anything to do with her! She’s the one who came on to me, it was her own fault! You have to believe me!” Nangong Xudan's image in Nuo'er’s eyes must have dropped to the ground; he was so anxious that even the tips of his ears turned red.

“Brother, I’m just your sister. I don’t want to know about your private life. You’ve already seen everything of Ziyan’s, so I think you owe her an explanation. If you like her so much in my clothes, then just keep them. You don’t need to return them to me; I have plenty that I can wear.” Nangong Nuo'er sneered.

“Little sister, what are you saying? You want me to take responsibility for her?!” Nangong Xudan’s face froze, unable to believe he heard her right, he asked incredulously.

“Shouldn’t you take responsibility? This isn’t your first night together after all. Brother, you’re not a child anymore; you should think about getting married, or else Mother will keep nagging you.” Seeing his shocked expression, Nangong Nuo'er only smiled coldly.

“No way! She’s just a servant; I can’t marry her! Even if I were to marry, it would have to be…” Nangong Xudan began, but his voice trailed off.

“Whether you marry her or not, you’ve seen her body, so you need to take responsibility. My dear brother, you wouldn’t want me to tell Grandmother about tonight, would you?” Although the old matriarch didn’t concern herself with much anymore, they all feared her. Just mentioning her name was enough to settle any issue.

“No, little sister, don’t! You can’t tell Grandmother about this!” Sure enough, when Nangong Xudan heard her mention the old lady, his expression changed instantly, and he said anxiously.

“If you don’t want me to tell her, then you’d better take responsibility for Ziyan. Ziyan, come over here.” Seeing that Ziyan had already dressed and was standing there, unsure of what to do, Nangong Nuo'er waved her over.

“Yes, Third Miss.” Ziyan lowered her head and walked hesitantly to Nangong Nuo'er. Although she didn’t show any particular emotion on her face, the moment she approached, she could feel a strong wave of anger radiating from Nuo'er. It was clear that she was very upset.