**"Take Off Your Clothes!"**

Nangong Nuo'er raised her hand to tilt the girl's chin up, glancing at her with a smirk. "Ziyan isn't bad-looking at all. In our Nangong Manor, there's no maid who can compare to her. Ziyan, tell me, do you want him to take responsibility? Just say the word, and I’ll make it happen for you." With that, she slowly released her grip.

"I... Ziyan is just a maid and has no desires. I will follow whatever the Third Miss decides," Ziyan hesitated, sneaking a glance at Nangong Xuduan. Seeing the anxious expression on his face, then looking back at the cold demeanor of the Third Miss, she bit her lip and spoke words that would infuriate Nangong Xuduan to the point of wanting to kill her. But in front of Nangong Nuo'er, he could only seethe in silence, unable to express his anger, especially since he was the one at fault.

"Ziyan, my brother is the eldest son of Nangong Manor. Given your status, you should be content to be a concubine. Would you accept that?" Ziyan had been a concubine before and, as a servant now, there was no hope of becoming a legitimate wife.

"I belong to the Third Miss; whatever you say goes, Third Miss." Ziyan lowered her head, hiding a glimmer of joy in her eyes. Although Nangong Xuduan had a sister complex, he was still much better than her previous master. Becoming his concubine would be better than spending a lifetime as a servant.

"Little sister, I can't take her as a concubine. I don’t like her at all." Nangong Xuduan's face turned ashen, and he roared at Ziyan with a fierce glare. "Ziyan, I have never touched you. I won't marry you. If you think you can be my concubine, then forget it." This damned woman, he knew she was coveting his status.

"Big brother, stop shirking your responsibilities. As long as Ziyan is willing to marry you, you must take her. If you refuse, I will tell Grandma everything I heard and saw tonight. You know better than I do what the consequences will be." How dare he yell at her after doing something so shameful? Nangong Nuo'er stepped forward, gripping his collar tightly. Her voice was cold and ruthless, like a vengeful spirit whispering to him, "If you don’t marry her, I will tell Grandma that you have improper thoughts about me."

"Little sister, you can’t say that! You must not tell Grandma!" Nangong Xuduan felt each of her words hammering into his heart like nails.