"Take off your clothes!" 

She truly didn’t expect her to be so spineless. Knowing full well that Nangong Xudan had such a twisted obsession with his sister, she still willingly agreed to be his concubine. It seemed she really saved the wrong person this time and misjudged him. She shouldn’t have been so soft-hearted.

"I... actually, the young master isn’t that bad. I think... there’s no need to reconsider." Ziyan glanced at Nangong Xudan, whose face was swollen on both sides. She hadn’t anticipated he would be so spineless, allowing the Third Miss to hit him. But seeing his pitiful state, she realized she couldn’t just abandon him.

"Very well, brother. You’ll tell Mother about taking a concubine tomorrow, and the day after, just keep it simple and marry her." Taking a concubine didn’t require much extravagance; a simple ceremony would suffice. Nangong Nuoer was too lazy to beat around the bush and commanded him in an authoritative tone.

"Understood. I’ll speak to Mother tomorrow. Little sister, you mustn’t tell Mother or Grandmother about today’s affairs." Nangong Xudan said anxiously.

"I know what I’m doing. Ziyan, gather all the clothes you’ve touched these past few days and burn them. Not a single piece can be left. Otherwise, I can’t guarantee what I might do." Nangong Nuoer said with a cold glint in her eyes, displeased at the thought of other men touching her clothes.

"Yes, Third Miss. I will definitely burn all the clothes I’ve been responsible for washing these past few days." Although it felt wasteful to burn them all, Ziyan didn’t dare question it. Remembering the day she was saved by her, she couldn’t help but shiver, her face turning pale. For now, she would do as she was told.

"Hmph, clueless." Nangong Nuoer shot them a cold glance before turning to leave.

As soon as Nangong Nuoer left, the tense Nangong Xudan finally let out a sigh of relief.

"Young master, are you okay? Your face is swollen." Once Nangong Nuoer was gone, Ziyan hurried to his side, unable to suppress her pain as she reached out to touch his red and swollen cheek from the blows he received from Nangong Nuoer. But before her hand could reach him, he swatted it away.

"Get lost. I don’t want to see you again. Just go away." It was all her fault. If it weren’t for her, Nuoer wouldn’t hate him so much or discover that he had hidden her handkerchief. Nangong Xudan unleashed all his pent-up anger onto Ziyan.