**Take Off Your Clothes! 10**

“Ugh, he deserves it.” How dare he even think about his woman? He hadn't even hidden Nuo'er’s undergarment, and here he was, playing with it like it was a toy. Helian Yichen furiously swung his hand, causing Nangong Xudan, who had lost his support, to crash to the ground. He was already knocked out and unable to move, but Helian's rage drove him to kick him a couple more times, just to vent his frustration.

“Master, that’s enough. At this point, he’s probably down to half a life left. Didn’t the Third Miss ask him to marry Ziyan? If you injure him too badly, he might not even make it to the wedding,” Qin Tian reminded him cautiously.

Watching Helian’s furious demeanor, Qin Tian couldn’t help but feel a twinge of sympathy. He had never seen his master so enraged, as if he could kill someone at any moment. If it weren't for the Black Eagle discovering the Third Miss's whereabouts, they would never have been able to track her down or hear about this shocking incident. Yet, Nangong Xudan really did deserve this; not only did he have inappropriate feelings for his own sister, but he was also brazen enough to hide the Third Miss’s undergarment just for his amusement. It was no wonder Helian was so furious.

“Let him keep his miserable life for now. I want to see how Nuo'er plays with him next,” Helian Yichen replied, nodding. He knew that Nangong Nuo'er was certainly plotting something. He was eager to sit back and watch the drama unfold. He glanced down at the unconscious Nangong Xudan, a cruel smile creeping onto his lips. He kicked him one last time before turning his tall frame around and striding away with a calm demeanor.

Gazing at the beaten Nangong Xudan, who was still unsatisfied despite the beating he had just received, Qin Tian had long suspected that Nangong Xudan harbored complicated feelings for Nuo'er. However, he never imagined he would stoop so low as to play with his sister’s intimate clothing. Even if he were to die here and now, Qin Tian wouldn’t feel a shred of sympathy for him.

---

The night was hazy, the moonlight dim and the stars sparse, with the occasional chilling cry of a cuckoo echoing in the stillness of the backyard.

Time passed, and gradually, Nangong Xudan began to awaken from darkness. As he stirred, pain shot through his entire body, and he couldn’t help but let out a miserable groan.

“Tsk tsk, how pitiful. Look at the state you’re in, beaten so badly,” a clear, melodic voice filled with pity floated toward him. A figure dressed in white slowly approached, pulling away the sack covering his head. As she looked at his miserable condition, she couldn’t help but click her tongue in sympathy.