**Take Off Your Clothes! 11**

---

"Who are you?!" Nangong Xudan slowly opened his eyes. Under the soft glow of the moonlight, he saw a woman crouching beside him, her face covered by a layer of white gauze. He blinked in confusion—this was the backyard of the Nangong family; how could there be a stranger here?!

“It doesn’t matter who I am; what matters is that I can help you. Do you know who those people were that just beat you up?!” The woman in white gazed at him with enchanting eyes, her voice clear and melodious like a lark’s song. Yet, at that moment, it failed to capture the attention of the bruised and battered Nangong Xudan.

“Who? Who was it? You know, don’t you? Tell me!” Nangong Xudan struggled to sit up from the ground, reaching out to grab the woman’s arm, but she deftly evaded him.

“I certainly know who it was. But remember this: I despise it when other men touch me. If you want to live and have any hope of winning back your beloved, you’d better keep that in mind.” The woman shot him an irritated glare, clearly displeased with his earlier attempt to grab her.

“I’m sorry! I was just too anxious. I won’t do it again. Who was it? Who hurt me like this?!” Nangong Xudan placed his hands back on his lap, his tone growing more urgent.

“Who else in Nangong Manor cares about Nangong Nuo'er besides you? Come on, Young Master Nangong, don’t tell me you’re oblivious.” A strange, cold glint flashed in the woman’s eyes as her voice dropped several degrees.

“The one who cares the most about Nuo'er… You mean it was the prince? The prince was the one who attacked me?!” Nangong Xudan felt a chill run down his spine. This was serious; if the prince knew about that incident, they were in deep trouble. He was a prince—there was no way he could compete with him.

“Exactly.” When she mentioned the prince, a flicker of anger and jealousy ignited in the woman’s gaze.

“The prince knows about me… he already knows. What should I do?” Panic surged through Nangong Xudan’s heart.

“What are you afraid of? You’re the Young Master of Nangong Manor; he’s just a prince! Get a grip on yourself!”