He Wants a Concubine! 2

“He wants a concubine!” 

“How could Second Aunt be upset about this? You should come out more often to have meals with everyone. After all, we’re family! Families should eat together, don’t you think, Grandmother?” Lian Si sat down beside the old lady, a bright smile lighting up her face as she looked at her.

“Yes, Lian Si is right. Nuo'er, you should come out more to accompany your grandmother at meals. If the day comes when I can no longer walk, there may not be another chance,” the old lady said, patting Nuo'er’s shoulder with a hint of wistfulness in her voice.

“Grandmother, don’t say such things! You will definitely live a long and healthy life. I promise, as long as I’m at home, I will come out to have meals with you, okay?!” Looking into the hopeful gaze of her family, even if she wasn’t truly related to the old lady, Nuo'er found it hard to refuse.

“Good! Hearing you say that puts my mind at ease. Nuo'er, you weren’t feeling well recently, so you need to eat more. You seem a bit too thin, and when you marry the prince, it won’t be good for your health if you don’t take care of yourself,” the old lady reminded her.

“Grandmother, why are we talking about that? We haven’t even set a date yet, and you’re already jumping to children? Let’s eat quickly; I’ll serve you some dishes,” Nuo'er replied, her face slightly flushed. The topic was far too personal for her comfort, and she had never considered having children just yet.

Upon hearing the old lady’s words, Helian Yichen's expression darkened a bit. He seemed displeased, and as Nuo'er helped the old lady with the dishes, she turned back just in time to catch the deep frown on his face. Her heart skipped a beat. Why was he unhappy? Was it because she wasn’t qualified to bear his children? Otherwise, why would his expression sour so drastically upon hearing the old lady's comments?

“Nuo'er, that’s not quite right. You and the prince are living under the same roof now; it’s only a matter of time before you have a child. Prince, Nuo'er is our little treasure. You say you’re going to take her back to the royal residence to marry her as a concubine, but mere words won’t suffice! You living under the same roof as her seems a bit inappropriate, don’t you think?” Lian Si’s tone turned sharp.

“Second Lady, don’t worry. Since I have decided to take her as a concubine, I will definitely do so. In a few days, I will take her back to the capital and arrange a grand wedding for her.”