He Wants to Take a Concubine! 4

“Norah.” She was already his, so why was she still trying to draw a line between them at this point?! Helian Yichen's deep gaze flashed with a hint of displeasure, his steady voice rising several notches.

“It’s breakfast time now. Let’s discuss other matters later. Focus on your meal!” His irritation was palpable, and she could feel a low-pressure system forming around her. With a resigned roll of her eyes, she let out a soft sigh.

Just as Helian Yichen was about to say something, Nangong Xudang entered, lifting his sleeves to cover himself as he walked in. He had intended to speak, but upon seeing Helian Yichen, he pressed his lips together and held his tongue.

“Good morning, Grandma. Good morning, Mother. Good morning, Prince. Little sister… why are there so many people today?” As Nangong Xudang reached the entrance of the hall, he hesitated at the sight of so many onlookers, wanting to slip away. However, remembering he had important news to announce, he steeled himself and stepped inside. 

Catching a glimpse of Helian Yichen, he couldn’t help but shudder, a flicker of resentment flashing in his eyes. Helian Yichen, sitting there, obviously noticed the hatred directed at him. A cold, sharp smile curved his lips as he casually served Norah some food.

“Xudang, aren’t you usually up pretty early? Why are you so late today? Look, everyone is waiting for you.” Huo Yue Liansi’s tone was a bit off as she finally acknowledged his late arrival. Seeing him hide behind his sleeves as if he had something to hide, she quickly reached out to tug at his clothing, frowning as she asked, “What’s wrong with you today? Why are you acting so secretive?!”

“Mother, please don’t pull on my clothes. I’m fine,” Nangong Xudang replied, pulling his sleeves even tighter, as if he were afraid someone would see his face.

“You’re fine? If you’re really fine, why are you hiding your face? Let go so I can see!” Huo Yue Liansi was even more determined not to let him off the hook, insisting he remove his hands so she could see what was going on with him.

“Xudang, did something happen to your face? Let go so Grandma can take a look.”

The old matriarch, seeing the two of them tugging back and forth, felt a bit displeased. After all, there were guests present; couldn’t they conduct themselves with a little more decorum? Though her tone was gentle, it carried an undeniable authority that brooked no refusal.