**He Wants a Concubine! 5**

---

“Did you hear that? Your grandmother told you to take your hand away! Hurry up and let her see!” Haoyue Liansi urged, noticing he was still hesitating.

“Ugh, my face just got a little banged up last night. There’s nothing to see,” he muttered, trying to deflect attention.

His face was red and swollen; there was nothing appealing about it. After all, those two slaps from Nangong Nuo’er last night were delivered with such force that the bruises would likely take days to fade. With a resentful glance at Nuo’er, Nangong Xudan’s heart was filled with bitterness. But when he saw Heliang Yichen casually serving her food, that bitterness quickly transformed into a blazing hatred. He was in pain all over, and he had forced himself to come out because of one careless remark from Nuo’er. Now, witnessing their intimate display made his anger boil over. How could he not be furious?

“Child, are you ignoring your grandmother's words? Hurry up and take your hand away!” Seizing the moment when he was lost in thought, Haoyue Liansi yanked his hand away. When she saw his swollen cheeks, her expression shifted dramatically, and she gasped, “Oh my precious son, what happened to your face? Who did this to you? It’s so tragic! How could your face be like this?”

“Xudan, what on earth happened to your face?!” The old matriarch, despite her age, had sharp eyes. The sight of his red and swollen face startled her.

“Mother, I told you not to worry. Now you’ve scared Grandmother! Don’t be concerned. I just drank too much last night and accidentally bumped into the door on my way back, that’s all!” Nangong Xudan replied gloomily.

“Your face looks like someone hit you! Child, tell your mother, who bullied you? How dare they lay a hand on our family’s eldest son? Tell me who it is; I won’t let them get away with this!” Haoyue Liansi’s heart ached with anger. She reached out to caress his swollen cheeks, wishing she could tear apart whoever had hurt him.

“Mother, please don’t be so upset. I really did just bump into something. I came out today because I have something to discuss with you all,” Nangong Xudan pushed her hand away before continuing.

“What is it you need to tell us?!” The poor child, how could he be beaten up like this?