**He Said He Fell in Love at First Sight! 2**

“Have you thought too much about it? Don’t you understand it yourself? Yulou, you’re really lacking in consideration. If you wanted to step out for some fresh air, why didn’t you invite me? Your Nangong family is just so boring,” he said, a hint of complaint in his voice.

“If you find us boring, then why are you here at my house as a guest?” he retorted, coldly mocking.

“Tsk, tsk, is this how you treat your guests? I know you usually don’t care about the affairs of the villa, but at least as a host, you should show me some courtesy, right?” After he finished speaking, Tuoba Tianye subtly shifted his position, closing the gap between them. When his attention wavered, he boldly moved in closer, nearly pressing against him.

“Sorry, but I didn’t invite you here. I’m under no obligation to entertain you. If you’re looking for someone to host you, you can go find Xudan.” Damn it, Xudan! How could he possibly entertain a guest like this in the villa? Nangong Yulou couldn’t help but curse silently in his heart.

“Tsk, your nephew just took a concubine, and you want me to bother him? Besides, tonight is their wedding night, you as the uncle should be a bit more considerate, don’t you think?” Seeing that he hadn’t pushed him away, Tuoba Tianye moved even closer.

“Tonight is my nephew’s wedding night; I hope Tuoba doesn’t plan on getting drunk.” Nangong Yulou clenched his fists tightly. This man really knew how to take advantage of the situation, pushing boundaries with ease. Just because he hadn’t physically pushed him away didn’t mean he could act recklessly.

“Alcohol doesn’t intoxicate me, but beauty does,” his voice, almost a whisper, carried a captivating charm that seeped into her heart.

“Tuoba, you haven’t even gone to bed yet, and you’re already dreaming. There are no beauties here to intoxicate you. If you’re looking for one, the brothels and bars in the city should suit you just fine.” Nangong Yulou could no longer hold back, pushing him away with a firm hand before stepping back, distancing himself from this troublemaker.

“I’m not dreaming. Beauty is just as far away as it is close at hand, right? Yulou, your scent is so unique, it’s addictive with just one whiff,” Tuoba Tianye, undeterred by the push, pressed in again, eagerly inhaling the distinctive fragrance that clung to him, unable to hide his intoxication.