He Said He Fell for Him at First Sight! 3

——

“I’ve heard that Tuo Ba has reached a considerable age but remains indifferent to women. Even with a beautiful cousin by his side, he hasn’t shown any interest. It turns out Tuo Ba isn’t heartless; he just prefers men.” As he watched the rapturous expression on Tuo Ba Tianye’s face, Nangong Yulou felt an overwhelming urge to punch him. He had encountered thick-skinned people before, but never one like this.

“They say, Yulou, that you’re around my age too, and also that you’ve never been interested in women. Are you saying we’re kindred spirits? \(^o^)/~” Tuo Ba Tianye didn’t deny the accusation; instead, he grinned mischievously, pulling Yulou into his playful banter.

“Don’t lump me in with someone like you. I don’t have your peculiar tastes.” Nangong Yulou was taken aback by his boldness about his preferences for men, and to his surprise, a strange feeling flickered in his heart. He quickly felt a mix of embarrassment and anger and shouted back defensively.

“What do you mean by ‘someone like me’? Don’t think too highly of yourself. At least I’m a person of good standing, running a legitimate business. I have nothing to hide.” Tuo Ba Tianye maintained a calm smile, but it didn’t reach his eyes.

“What do you mean by that?” Nangong Yulou felt a flutter in his heart, quickly narrowing his eyes in suspicion.

“Do you really not understand what I’m saying? The reclusive Nangong Second Master, are you really so hidden away?” Tuo Ba Tianye’s smile shifted to one of scorn as he observed Yulou’s stunned expression.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about. It’s getting late; I need to go back and rest.” Under Tuo Ba Tianye’s piercing gaze, Nangong Yulou felt as though he was being seen through, causing him to shiver involuntarily. He quickly turned to leave.

“I know you understand what I’m saying. While you still have a chance to turn back, it’s time to pull back.” Watching Yulou’s retreating figure, Tuo Ba Tianye’s teasing smile vanished, replaced by a solemn tone.

“Tuo Ba, you really are strange, always saying things I can’t comprehend.” Clenching his fists tightly, Nangong Yulou forced himself to remain calm as he replied.

“Whether you understand or not, you know in your heart. I think you should also be clear about my purpose for being here. And what about the prince? Do you really believe he’s just here for leisure?” The deep timbre of Tuo Ba’s voice turned icy, sending chills down Yulou’s spine.