**The Man Who Intruded into the Bedroom! 4**

“Thanks to your concern, I’m feeling a bit tired now. I think I’ll take a rest, so if you’d excuse me, Second Aunt,” Nankong Nuo’er said, openly yawning in front of her, making it clear that she wanted her to leave.

“Nuo’er, you still haven’t told me if anyone has bullied you,” Haoyue Liansi persisted, not willing to give up.

“When I’m sleepy, I don’t want to talk at all. Xiaoxiao, please see Second Aunt out,” Nankong Nuo’er said, making her way toward the bed as if she were ignoring her completely.

“Nuo’er, you haven’t answered my question,” Haoyue Liansi exclaimed, unable to restrain herself from stamping her foot in frustration. But no amount of fussing would change the fact that if Nankong Nuo’er didn’t want to speak, no one could pry the words from her lips.

---

The moon hung high in the treetops, the night was cool and silent like water. The cold moonlight streamed into the dark room like flickering silver beams, illuminating the shadowy corners.

After an intense night by the seaside with that man, Nankong Nuo’er’s body was already exhausted. Then, hurriedly following Xiaoqi to Nankong Manor and having to deal with the people inside the manor one by one, her stamina was put to the test. Even for someone as strong as her, this level of exertion was too much. After greeting everyone, she collapsed onto the bed and fell asleep.

Just as she drifted into a hazy slumber, she suddenly sensed a strange presence invading her room. Nankong Nuo’er was a light sleeper, and she woke up the moment the man pushed open her door. However, she lay still, feigning sleep, wondering who had the audacity to sneak into her room in the middle of the night.

The intruder’s footsteps were soft, and his breathing was a bit heavy, indicating he wasn’t a martial artist. Nankong Nuo’er carefully opened her eyes just a crack. From the shadow on the floor, she could tell it was a man. What was a man doing in her room? She couldn’t help but furrow her brows in confusion.

The man slowly approached her bedside, his large shadow enveloping her. Nankong Nuo’er squinted, trying to control her breathing to avoid revealing that she was awake.

When the man reached her bedside, he initially didn’t make any movements, simply gazing at her sleeping face. He didn’t move, nor did she, but she could feel his intense gaze burning into her face.