**Chapter 4: He Said He Fell in Love at First Sight!**

“No matter whether it’s you or the prince, what you’re doing here doesn’t concern me; I’m just a carpenter who enjoys the company of wood,” he said with a dismissive wave.

“Yulou, why won’t you just listen to me and let it go?” The man couldn’t help but feel a surge of irritation. Why was this guy so stubborn?

“I honestly don’t know what you’re talking about, Tuo Ba. Are you actually concerned about me?” Nangong Yulou’s intention to leave faltered as he turned to face him, a mocking smile creeping onto his lips in response to his serious demeanor.

“Yeah, it’s quite strange. I’ve only seen you a few times, yet here I am, unable to help but be concerned about you. Did you slip some kind of love potion into my drink?” Tuo Ba Tianye’s serious expression cracked, revealing a mischievous smirk as he looked at Yulou’s sarcastic smile.

“I didn’t drug you, but I can’t help but wonder if you’ve lost your mind.” This man, with his roguish charm, hardly seemed fit to be the head of the family.

“Oh, so I’m the one who’s lost my mind? I was just puzzled about why I fell for you at first sight. Turns out I’ve been possessed!” The handsome, resolute face of Tuo Ba Tianye lit up with a sudden realization, as if he had finally solved a puzzling riddle.

“I think you’re the one who’s gone mad. I don’t have time to waste with you; I’m leaving.” Nangong Yulou’s heart jolted at the unexpected confession, his expression shifting to one of flustered embarrassment. He turned away, not daring to glance back.

“Yulou, be careful on your way home. You never know when you might run into trouble. If you continue to be so stubborn, I won’t hold back,” Tuo Ba Tianye called out, watching him stumble away with a bemused smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.

Pausing at his words, Nangong Yulou hesitated for a moment but chose silence and leaped away into the night.

“Tsk, tsk, what a stubborn man. If you won’t back down, I find it hard to help you,” Tuo Ba Tianye muttered, rubbing his forehead with a sigh. This trip south had turned out to be more complicated than he anticipated. What he just said wasn’t entirely untrue; he seemed to have developed feelings for this intriguing carpenter, and it troubled him. Could it be that he really had an unusual taste?

As he gazed at the shimmering surface of the river, an impulsive urge to jump in and swim washed over him.