**"Wait a moment, don’t beg for mercy!"**

Ever since Nangong Nuoer regained her freedom of movement, she had moved back to her own residence and stopped cohabiting with Helian Yichen.

Previously, Hao Yue Lian Si could only mock her verbally, but now she openly expressed her dissatisfaction, both covertly and overtly. After all, it was Nuoer who had brought Ziyan back. If she hadn’t brought Ziyan home, how could her son have taken that lowly maid as a concubine?

Nangong Nuoer remained calm, dismissing her cold jabs with a mere smile. However, the more indifferent and composed she appeared, the more unsettling it became, like the eerie calm before a storm that left everyone on edge.

"What are you thinking about, so lost in thought?" Helian Yichen had become a frequent visitor to Nangong Nuoer’s boudoir. He entered her room without needing to announce himself, even skipping the formality of knocking. Noticing her standing by the window, gazing dreamily at the sky with a serene smile on her face, he walked over and embraced her from behind.

"You’re a prince; surely you understand the etiquette of knocking before entering someone else's room?" Nangong Nuoer didn’t push him away. Instead, she leaned comfortably against him, finding his embrace surprisingly nice.

"It’s not that I don’t understand; it’s just unnecessary." He didn’t consider this place as his quarters, and she should be amused by that. Expecting him to knock was indeed a luxury.

"I hope you can respect others’ privacy." He really treated this place like his own personal chamber, barging in at will.

"You’re not just anyone. I will respect you, but not in such trivial matters." Helian Yichen tilted his head and affectionately kissed her cheek, his violet eyes glimmering with fondness.

"When are you going back?" Nangong Nuoer pouted slightly, noncommittal in her response.

"What’s wrong? Is it because you saw your brother taking a concubine that you can’t wait to marry me?" It was rare for her to bring up the topic of returning to the capital, prompting a teasing smile from Helian Yichen.

"You think too much." She just wanted to get back to the palace as soon as possible to retrieve the celestial zither from Xianle.

"Nuoer, why are you always so cold towards me? Have I not been good enough to you?" He felt as though she had never given him a warm response; it seemed she treated even a servant better than she treated him. At least for Xiaoxiao's sake, she had endured the grievances until now.