**The Man Who Broke into the Room! 5**

It was as if he were gazing at a delicious feast, on the verge of drooling over her beauty.

Time seemed to stretch indefinitely, and merely staring at her no longer satisfied his desires. The man’s long arms slowly raised, his palm, massive like a sunflower, began to arc through the air, reaching toward Nango Nu’er’s delicate cheek.

“Who are you?” Nango Nu’er had been alert to his movements, and the moment his hand lifted, she was already on the move. Before his palm could touch her face, she had seized his arm with a fierce grip, agilely leaping out of his reach.

Twisting his arm behind him, she heard a sharp crack as it dislocated. The man let out a muffled yelp, and Nango Nu’er pressed down on his arm, pinning him firmly in place. With a frosty tone, she asked, “What do you want?”

“Ouch! Little sister, it’s me, your big brother! What are you doing? Let me go!” A plaintive voice echoed in the darkness.

“Big brother?” Nango Nu’er was taken aback for a moment but then released her grip. She lit a candle on the table, revealing a young man in his twenties, cradling his dislocated arm, his face pale and twisted in agony as he stared at her.

“Little sister, when did your strength become so great? You’ve dislocated my arm!” Nango Xudan winced, his face paling further with the pain.

“I’m sorry! I didn’t know it was you. Let me help you get that arm back in place; it might hurt a bit. Just grit your teeth and bear it,” Nango Nu’er replied, now realizing that this was indeed her brother. But what on earth was he doing sneaking into her room in the middle of the night?

Nango Nu’er pondered briefly, then grabbed a chopstick for him to bite down on. With a swift motion, she gave his arm a few shakes. A series of cracking noises filled the air, and suddenly, a wave of intense pain shot through Nango Xudan’s arm, nearly making him faint. He couldn’t suppress a pained groan, and the chopstick he was biting snapped under the pressure.

“All done, your arm is fine now,” Nango Nu’er said expressionlessly after setting his dislocated arm back in place.

“Ouch! Wow, it really doesn’t hurt anymore! Little sister, when did you learn to set bones?”