"Don’t be so rude to the girl!"

"Your Highness, I’ll go after him," Tuo Ba Tian Ye said, leaping into action as he chased after the fleeing figure.

"Yao Qing, are you alright?" Heliang Yi Chen quickly knelt beside the woman in white, gently pulling her hand away to inspect her neck. He then retrieved a small bottle of ointment to tend to her injuries.

"Yi Chen, how did you… get here?" Yao Qing coughed softly, surprise and joy mingling in her bright, moon-like eyes as she gazed at him.

"This is something I should be asking you. Why aren’t you staying in the capital? What are you doing here? Who was that person just now? Why did he try to kill you?" Heliang Yi Chen’s expression was a mixture of coldness and reproach, clearly displeased to see her in such a situation.

"Yi Chen, you’ve been away for so long. Don’t you miss me at all?" The indifference in his demeanor stung her; he hadn’t acted like this with that other woman. Just the thought of them together made her seethe with jealousy.

"Yao Qing, you still haven’t answered my question." His brows knitted in irritation at her avoidance.

"All you do is ask me this, ask me that. Don’t you care about me at all? I’m your fiancée, and I almost got killed just now!" How could she fall for a man who treated her so coldly? Tears welled up in Yao Qing's eyes as she looked at him.

"My questions are meant to show my concern for you. Stop being childish. Who was that masked man?" Heliang Yi Chen’s frustration grew as he watched her deflect his inquiries.

"Right, you just think I’m being childish. You only care about that woman, don’t you? Do you even think of me?" They were childhood friends bound by a promise, yet he treated her with such disdain. Yao Qing felt a surge of anger as she spoke out loud.

"Watch your words. Who are you calling a woman of ill repute?" Heliang Yi Chen’s expression darkened immediately.

"I called her a woman of ill repute, and that’s what you care about, isn’t it? I used to tolerate how you acted before, but now you want to marry her as a concubine? I’m not even in your household yet, and you’re already planning to take a concubine. What do you think of me? *Cough cough cough…*" Yao Qing’s emotions boiled over, and she started coughing violently.

"You are my future legitimate wife. No one can shake that position. Whether you accept it or not, it’s already decided. I’m bringing her back to the manor to marry her as a concubine." Heliang Yi Chen looked at her, his cold eyes fixed on her distressed state, his tone resolute.

"Yi Chen, are you really going to marry her as a concubine?" After finally catching her breath, Yao Qing gritted her teeth, her expression filled with grievance. She knew he responded better to gentleness than force; being too confrontational would only make the tension worse.

"Exactly. You know my character. Once I make a decision, no one can change it. I don’t care why you came here, but I want you to return to the capital soon and not interfere with my business here," Heliang Yi Chen said, rising to his feet with an air of coldness.

"Why should I go back? You’re not worried about me getting in the way of your work; you’re worried I’ll interrupt your secret meetings with that woman!" Initially, she planned to use a softer approach, but the thought of him being affectionate with that other woman made her voice rise uncontrollably.