**Don’t Be So Rude to Her! Part 2**

“Yaoqing, don’t let me hear you insulting her again.” Helian Yichen’s eyes turned cold, his voice sharp as ice.

“You… you’ve never tried to be gentle with me. You’ve never said a kind word on my behalf. I’m supposed to be your future wife, so why are you treating me like this?” Yaoqing stood up from the ground, her eyes shimmering with unshed tears as she looked at him, confusion and hurt written all over her face.

“Yaoqing, I will marry you, but that’s only because of my father’s decree from years ago. I can’t refuse it, but I’ve always seen you as a sister. If possible, when I return to the capital, I’ll ask the Emperor to annul our engagement,” he said honestly. She was not the woman he desired; marrying her would only bring her pain.

“So you’re saying you’ve always seen me as a sister and never liked me?” Yaoqing took a few steps back, feeling crushed by his words.

“Exactly. I can’t see you as my woman. When I return to the capital, you should consider asking the Emperor to dissolve our engagement. That way, your reputation won’t be tarnished, and you can find a more suitable husband,” Helian Yichen added, letting out a heavy sigh of relief inside. He couldn’t help but wonder, would she be as happy as he imagined when she realized he wouldn’t be returning as her fiancé?

“Is it because of her that you want to break our engagement?” Her heart shattered like glass, and Yaoqing felt as if she’d been struck by lightning. How could he be so cruel, wanting to end their engagement for a woman he had just met?

“I won’t deny that it’s because of her that I want to break off our engagement, but the most important reason is that I don’t love you.” If it weren’t for her, perhaps he would have married Yaoqing, but even then, it would only have been a fleeting notion, a dream unfulfilled, leading to heartache in the end.

“But I love you! Ever since I found out you were my fiancé, I’ve loved you. I’ve waited every day and night to become your bride. How can you be so cruel to me? Yichen, please don’t break our engagement!” Tears sparkled in her beautiful eyes, and Yaoqing stepped forward, grasping his hand in a humble plea, desperate for him to reconsider.

“Why would you want to marry someone who doesn’t love you? Do you think you’ll be happy?” He tried to pull his hand away, but when he met the glistening tears in her eyes, he hesitated.

“You don’t know unless you try! How can you be so sure you won’t love me in return? Let’s get married when we return to the capital! My parents had no feelings before they wed; they hadn’t even met! But now they’re happy together. I believe we can be like them!” Yaoqing wiped away the tears that were starting to fall, her voice anxious and pleading.

“This is completely different. If I were going to love you, I would have already done so long ago. I wouldn’t be waiting until now, and I certainly wouldn’t be waiting until after our wedding. You should give up on this idea,” he said, feeling increasingly impatient as he pulled his hand away from her grasp.

“But I love you so much! If I don’t have you, I won’t be able to live!” Yaoqing cried out, her heart breaking as he pulled his hand away. She immediately clung to him again, this time sobbing uncontrollably.