She was just waiting to see his drama unfold!

Although she had told him not to escort her, Qin Tian still followed her at a distance. As he caught sight of her figure, which seemed to be shrouded in an eerie aura, he couldn’t help but shiver, sensing that something significant was about to happen.

---

After Helian Yichen had left Qiqing to Qin Tian, he rushed over to Nangong Nuo'er’s residence. However, he was stopped at the door by Xiao Qi and Xiao Xiao.

“Your Highness, I’m sorry, but our Third Miss said she doesn’t wish to see you right now,” Xiao Qi said, bracing himself.

“Step aside! I must see her,” he demanded, fully aware that she was likely angry. If she weren’t, she wouldn’t have sent them to block him.

“Your Highness, we are just following orders. Please don’t make it difficult for us,” Xiao Qi said, trembling slightly from the cold aura radiating from him. It was clear that Third Miss knew that they wouldn’t be able to stop him and sent them to take the brunt of his frustration. 

“If you don’t want me to make things difficult for you, then move aside. My patience is running thin,” Helian Yichen said, narrowing his dangerous eyes at him. The sharpness in his gaze was so intense it felt like it could kill in an instant.

“Your Highness, perhaps you should just go back,” Xiao Xiao said, looking uncomfortable.

“I won’t leave until I see her.” He had no idea how much she had overheard, but he wouldn’t rest easy until he laid eyes on her.

“Is it true that seeing me will allow you to leave?” Just as he finished speaking, the door swung open, revealing the cold demeanor of Nangong Nuo'er staring back at him with icy eyes.

“Nuo'er, I need to talk to you. You two can leave now,” Helian Yichen said, fixing his gaze on her.

Xiao Qi and Xiao Xiao quickly glanced at Nangong Nuo'er, and upon seeing her nod, they stepped aside.

“What do you want to talk about? Make it quick, as I’m quite busy,” Nangong Nuo'er glanced at him before turning to walk inside. The table in the room was cluttered with bottles and jars, suggesting she was conducting some kind of experiment.

“What are you working on?” Helian Yichen followed her inside, noticing her mixing what appeared to be gunpowder. He frowned and asked, “Is that gunpowder?”

“Correct,” she nodded.

“Gunpowder is dangerous. What do you plan to do with it?” He couldn’t help but wonder if she was so bored that she was playing with explosives.

“Gunpowder is indeed dangerous, but sometimes its power can help you accomplish things you cannot do otherwise.”

“Such as?” He was aware of gunpowder's dangers but had no idea what else it could be used for.

“Gunpowder isn’t just for fireworks. When necessary, it can serve as a powerful weapon. For example, if we wanted to breach the sturdy dam of the Fengshui Gang, it could help us realize our goal,” Nangong Nuo'er said, lifting a bottle filled with various carefully mixed ingredients. Her bright eyes sparkled with a dazzling light.

“Oh, so this is the source of your confidence. You intend to use gunpowder to blow up their dam?” Helian Yichen finally grasped her plan, a hint of admiration appearing on his face. It was indeed a brilliant strategy that could achieve their goal without a single soldier being harmed.

“This is the best plan, isn’t it?” Nangong Nuo'er accepted his praise without a hint of modesty.

“Indeed, it is an excellent plan. However, I didn’t come here to discuss this tonight.” He wanted to talk about something else entirely.