He Actually Can't Bring Himself to Kill Him! 

"Honestly, if you want to explain things between you and the princess, you can save your breath," she said, her ears perfectly functional—she had heard everything she needed to.

"I’ve made up my mind to break off the engagement when I go back. I want to marry you as my main wife," Heryan Yichen declared, his hand gripping her shoulder as he turned her to face him, his tone firm and earnest.

"Are you really willing to part with your beautiful fiancée?" She smirked slightly, her lips curling up as she looked at him. 

"Do I look like the kind of man who judges by appearances?" He felt exasperated by her sarcastic remark.

"Aren't you?" Her gaze danced, lingering in his violet eyes that shimmered with intensity.

"Are you implying that I’m only interested in you because of your looks?" Was she really seeing him as such a shallow man? He narrowed his eyes at her, displeased.

"Have you truly never been moved by my beauty?" Nangong Nuo'er shot him a sidelong glance, then pushed his hand away, turning her back to him as if he didn't exist and resumed her own activities.

"Fine, if you think of me that way, there’s nothing more to say." Heryan Yichen stared at her retreating figure, snorting coldly, before turning to leave. If he stayed any longer, she would surely drive him mad.

"Your emotional intelligence really is lacking." Listening to his retreating footsteps and the door slamming shut, a faint smile crept onto Nangong Nuo'er's face. It was so easy to chase this man away; she knew that if he had stayed tonight, she wouldn't have had time to get the explosives ready. Now that he was gone, her ears could finally find peace. If he knew her true intentions, he would probably be seething with rage. The thought of him in a frenzy brought a soft glimmer to her eyes, one that even she hadn't noticed.

---

Meanwhile, Tuoba Tianye was hot on the heels of a man wearing a Shura mask, pursuing him from the mountaintop down to the valley below. Their lightness of foot was evenly matched, making it hard for either to shake the other off.

"Are you done chasing me yet?" Frustrated by his inability to escape, the masked man finally stopped in a secluded area, facing Tuoba Tianye.

"I'm not done until you run away. Your skills aren’t bad; you’re quite impressive," Tuoba Tianye replied, having already lost count of how many streets they had crossed, yet the masked man still appeared relaxed.

"Yours aren’t bad either. Why are you following me?" The masked man asked, his tone icy.

"I want to see your true face without the mask. Take it off, and once my curiosity is satisfied, I’ll stop chasing you." Tuoba Tianye's eyes glinted mischievously, a smirk playing on his lips.

"You want to see my face? Well, that depends on whether you have the capability." The masked man scoffed, knowing that trouble always followed whenever he encountered this cocky man. He suddenly lunged at Tuoba Tianye.

"Tsk tsk, what a good time to practice some skills and vent excess energy at this late hour. I’ll entertain you for a bit," Tuoba Tianye chuckled deeply, readying himself for a fight as the two engaged in combat.