**Caught in a Fiery Kiss! 2**

“Of course it matters! Didn't I tell you? I fell for you at first sight. What's so strange about wanting to protect someone I like?” He confessed, as if it were the most natural thing in the world.

“You know I’m a man. It’s impossible for us,” he replied, a hint of uncertainty creeping in. Has he really started to like him? Just last night, after learning his true identity, he thought he would tell the prince, but clearly, he hadn't shared his secret with anyone.

“Why is it impossible? Yu, are you shy? Or are you just not used to being adored by a man?” Tuo Ba Tian Ye pulled him up, standing face to face. Their heights were nearly equal, with Tuo Ba being slightly taller. He gazed into Yu's delicate and bashful face, perplexed by the attraction he felt. Ever since their first encounter, Yu had often invaded his thoughts. Having had his share of bizarre experiences, he never found anything wrong with same-sex affection.

“Do you always speak so bluntly?” Nan Gong Yu’s cheeks flushed slightly from Tuo Ba’s words.

“Only to you. You’re blushing. Do you perhaps have feelings for me?” The rosy hue on Yu's fair face was irresistibly captivating to Tuo Ba, who couldn’t help but let his long fingers gently trace along his cheek.

“Tuo Ba Tian Ye, don’t get too carried away. Who gave you the right to—” Just as Nan Gong Yu angrily attempted to swat away his hand, Tuo Ba suddenly grasped the back of his head and leaned down, kissing him deeply.

“Mmm…” Nan Gong Yu never expected him to kiss him so suddenly. The warmth radiating from Tuo Ba’s lips caught him off guard. He froze for a moment, then instinctively tried to push him away, but before his hands could touch Tuo Ba’s body, they were captured by Tuo Ba’s strong grip, pressing him back against the wall.

“Let go of me… Mmm…” Just as Nan Gong Yu opened his mouth to demand his release, Tuo Ba seized the opportunity, his hot tongue invading Yu’s mouth, boldly exploring as if conquering a territory.

Having never been kissed by a man before, he thought he would resist, or at least feel disgusted. But to his dismay, he found himself yielding to the fervent kiss, leaning into Tuo Ba’s warmth. If it weren't for Tuo Ba holding him up, he questioned whether he could even stand on his own.

Time seemed to stretch as their lips remained locked, as if they were trying to breathe life into one another, until Tuo Ba reluctantly pulled away, his eyes half-closed as he gazed at Yu’s flushed, delicate features. The soft, slightly parted lips of Yu, still panting, couldn’t help but curl upwards. He hadn't struggled much during the kiss, seeming to not reject it at all. It appeared he was more receptive than Tuo Ba had anticipated.

“Let go of me, you maniac! Who gave you permission to kiss me like that?” Realizing with embarrassment that he had been lost in the kiss, Nan Gong Yu’s face flushed with anger as he unleashed a powerful palm strike towards Tuo Ba’s chest.

With a faint smile on his face, Tuo Ba Tian Ye didn’t dodge the incoming attack. Instead, he stood his ground, seemingly waiting for Yu to hit him. The palm strike, infused with all of his strength, halted just an inch from Tuo Ba's chest.

“Why didn’t you move?” Nan Gong Yu was taken aback; he hadn’t expected Tuo Ba to remain standing there without evading. If he hadn’t managed to stop his attack in time, his strike would have certainly landed.

The tension hung thick in the air, and Yu’s heart raced, caught between anger and an undeniable thrill.