**Final Chapter! 10**

"Since he chose to jump off the cliff, I think that’s the best outcome for him. Someone as proud as him wouldn't ever want to rot away in prison. It’s better to let him choose his own fate." Heryan Yichen said this while holding onto his hand, his voice heavy with gravity.

"Let go of me! I don't want him to die! I have to save him... Let go of me!" Tuoba Tianye, usually so composed, was now a storm of fury, his eyes reddened with emotion. He never wanted him to die. Even after he had betrayed him, he would have found a way to help him escape. But how did it come to this?

"Calm down! He’s already jumped off the cliff. It doesn’t look good for him. Do you want to follow him to your death?" Heryan Yichen felt the weight of the situation pressing down on him. Even if he wanted to die, he wouldn’t let Tuoba Tianye die easily. If Tuoba passed away, it would be difficult for him to explain to the court.

"I don’t need your interference! If I had known this would lead to his death, I wouldn’t have betrayed him." Regret flooded through Tuoba Tianye. Looking down at the seemingly bottomless abyss, his heart felt like it was being ripped in two. The pain was unbearable...

Watching Tuoba Tianye's anguished expression, Nangong Nuoer felt a chill sweep through her heart. What she planned to do in the future would end up being just like what Tuoba Tianye did to Nangong Yulou. Would their ending be one of life and death as well? This thought made her heart ache uncontrollably.

"Why are you holding my cousin?" Suddenly, a sharp voice pierced the air. A flash of emerald green appeared, and Murong Lanqin raced up from the base of the mountain. Upon seeing Heryan Yichen restraining Tuoba Tianye, she rushed over without a second thought, ready to attack.

"Stop! Your cousin is trying to jump off the cliff, and the prince is trying to stop him." Nangong Nuoer had initially refrained from intervening, but seeing Murong Lanqin about to strike, she couldn’t help herself. With a swift motion, she blocked her palm, her tone icy.

Heryan Yichen was taken aback by her actions, but a wave of joy surged within him. A woman as cold as her could have easily turned a blind eye, but she didn’t. Could it mean she was actually worried about him?

"You’re lying! How could my cousin possibly jump off a cliff? If you’re bullying him, I’ll fight you!" Murong Lanqin recognized the whip and her anger flared even more. She engaged in a fierce battle with her.

"Cousin, stop! They aren’t bullying me." Once he regained his composure, Tuoba Tianye intervened to calm Murong Lanqin down.

"What’s going on? How did you get hurt? You’re bleeding a lot!" Murong Lanqin’s anger simmered down as she approached him, her eyes widening in alarm at the deep gash on his arm.

"It's nothing. Let's go back." Tuoba Tianye's face was pale as he nodded at Heryan Yichen, clutching his still-bleeding arm, and began to head down the mountain with a detached expression.

"Cousin, your arm is bleeding!" Murong Lanqin hurried to catch up with him.

"Nuoer, this matter is finally coming to an end. Once we handle the last few details, we can return to the capital." Heryan Yichen walked over to her side, taking her hand in his, gazing into her eyes with deep affection.