**Final Chapter! 18**

“Adam.” Helian Yichen barely paid attention to her words, coldly calling out his name instead.

“Yes, Your Highness.” Upon hearing the prince's call, Adam appeared immediately. After receiving the prince's instructions, he mustered his courage to speak to Xiaoxiao, “Xiaoxiao, the prince wants to see your sister. Please step aside.”

“My sister won’t meet anyone until she wakes up.” Seeing their determination, she realized they were intent on barging in. With Ziyan gone to buy things, she was left alone. If they really tried to force their way in, there was no way she could stop them.

“Xiaoxiao, you know the relationship between our prince and your sister now. Don’t be so stubborn. If you anger the prince, you’ll be the one to suffer.” Adam's face twitched in frustration as he continued to persuade her.

“I’m not afraid; my sister has my back.” With Lady Nangong having painted her face, her sister had done so much just to defend her. Why would she be afraid of him?

“Xiaoxiao.” Adam sighed in resignation, realizing just how arrogant both the prince and this girl were. He was tempted to take a more forceful approach as he noticed the prince's patience wearing thin. After a moment of internal struggle, he finally decided to act. He covered her mouth with one hand and grabbed her wrist with the other, dragging her out.

“Wuwu… wuwu…” Damn Adam! How dare he treat her like this? Xiaoxiao struggled against him, but given her petite size, she could only allow him to pull her away.

Finally rid of the annoying guard dog, Helian Yichen pushed open the door and stepped quietly inside. There lay Nangong Nuo'er, turned slightly on her side, clearly exhausted from her efforts over the past few days to deal with Nangong Yulou and the others. It seemed she was truly worn out.

Sitting down beside her bed, he gazed at her slightly pale face and couldn't help but reach out to caress her cheek, feeling how cold it was.

“You heartless woman, how could you leave me without a word? Do you know how much I wanted to strangle you?” He had always been the one to leave others behind; no one dared to abandon him. Yet this woman repeatedly treated him like a mere pawn, discarding him whenever she was done.

“If you really want to strangle me, it will be a double tragedy, Your Highness. You should think twice.” Despite her exhaustion, her habit of light sleeping wouldn’t change. She had woken up the moment he entered. Nangong Nuo'er slowly opened her eyes, a lazy smile curling at the corners of her lips as she looked at him.

“What double tragedy? What are you talking about?” Realizing the implication behind her words, Helian Yichen’s eyes widened in shock, his violet gaze locking onto her in disbelief.

“Why are you staring at me like that? You often ask me for more than I can give. If you didn’t take precautions, it’s only a matter of time before there’s a child.” She shot him a look of disdain, propping herself up on the bed and leaning against the headboard, her tone calm, as if she had expected this outcome all along.