Final Chapter! 19

“Norah, is this really true? Am I really going to be a father? Oh my god, I can’t believe it! You’re already carrying my child.” Helian Yichen couldn't shake the overwhelming excitement coursing through him. He instinctively reached out to hold her hand, his eyes deepening with emotion.

“If you don’t believe me, just pretend I never said anything,” Nangong Norah shrugged nonchalantly.

“Nangong Norah…” Her casual tone, which should have been met with joy and excitement, ignited a flicker of irritation in him. But thinking about the fact that she was pregnant, he forced down the urge to snap at her and managed a strained smile. “Considering you’re already having a baby, I won’t hold it against you.”

“You’ve dealt with the situation with Ziyan, right?” A faint smile played on Nangong Norah’s lips.

“You seem to think I can handle General Xing.” It wasn’t really a question; more of a statement.

“It’s only a matter of time. Don’t tell me you can’t even handle a washed-up general. If that’s the case, maybe I should find a stronger man to be the father of my child.”

“You won’t get that chance. For this lifetime, your child can only call me ‘Dad,’” Helian Yichen declared, though he knew she was joking. Nevertheless, he couldn’t hide the surge of excitement within him.

“Why are you so worked up? If you want to be my child’s dad, it’ll depend on your capabilities,” she implied, hinting that she could always kick him to the curb.

“Am I not the most capable one here? You know me best, don’t you? When did you find out about your pregnancy? Why didn’t you tell me sooner? You went and did something so dangerous today!” Just the thought of her getting hurt sent waves of anxiety through Helian Yichen.

“I only just found out. I went to see a doctor, and everything is perfectly fine, so you really don’t need to worry.” She wouldn’t joke about her health.

“If you won’t do risky things, how can I not worry? Are you sure the doctor said you’re okay?” He couldn’t forget the time he punched her stomach by accident, and the doctor’s warnings still echoed in his mind.

“The doctor said as long as I take it easy, everything will be fine.” Nangong Norah gently caressed her still-flat belly, a smile softening her features as she thought about the life growing inside her.

“Right, you have to take it easy from now on. You can’t keep doing whatever you want like before. Whatever happens, leave it to me,” he insisted, determined to protect her and their child.

“Don’t be so tense,” she chuckled, amused that he seemed more nervous than she was.

“How can I not be tense? Norah, I’m going to be a dad! I want to marry you; I want to make you my princess right now!” Knowing that she was having his child made Helian Yichen impatient to act.

“You still haven’t resolved things with your fiancée, and you want to marry me? It’s not that easy,” Nangong Norah raised an eyebrow, teasing him.

“She’s already been sent back to the capital. As soon as I return, I’ll go to the emperor and break off the engagement. Wait, coming from so far, will your body be able to handle the journey?” Helian Yichen suddenly remembered a serious issue that needed addressing.