Title: He Still Wants to Take Advantage of Her! Part 6

"Why did you leave without saying a word? Do you know that I think about seeing you every day?" Was she just a one-night stand to him? Helyan Yichen seemed to ignore her words, tightening his grip on her and pulling her deeper into his embrace.

"Does it matter? I don't want to have any more contact with you. If you were a real man, you'd let go of me and stop bullying a weak woman like me." Nangong Ruo’s spine stiffened against him as his overwhelming masculine aura enveloped her. The alarm bells in her mind rang loudly; he was a dangerously seductive man, and she couldn’t afford to get tangled up with him. If she did, it would only lead to her own destruction.

"Just because I’m a man, that’s exactly why I shouldn’t let you go. Are you really a weak woman? Little enchantress."

She was the first woman to so easily subdue his dark energy, and if she could be considered a weak woman, then there were hardly any strong ones in the world. Helyan Yichen’s breath mingled with hers, warm and intoxicating.

One of his hands was firmly around her waist, while the other gently glided over her cheek as if brushing against silk. He leaned closer, his warm breath creating an atmosphere thick with flirtation.

"You’re shameless. Don’t call me little enchantress." As his warm hand caressed her cheek, she instinctively tried to turn away, but his touch was relentless, following her every movement. Frustrated, she widened her beautiful eyes, glaring at his persistent hand.

"I just like calling you little enchantress. You’re the little temptress sent by the Moon Goddess to lure me in. If you want to call my affection for you shameless, I really don't mind." Helyan Yichen chuckled softly, as if her words amused him and sparked his interest.

"Go to hell, Moon Goddess! I don’t even know you, not to mention your name. Can you please stop saying such cheesy things?" This was only their second meeting, and he was already talking about love? It wasn’t hard to imagine that this man was a smooth-talking con artist skilled in manipulating women’s feelings. Nangong Ruo tried once more to struggle free from his grasp.