He Still Wants to Take Advantage of Her! 9

“Of course, you should feel lucky. Do you have any idea how many women in this world want to climb into my bed and be my concubine? I hardly give them a second glance. But ever since that night I met you, you’ve been on my mind. Now that I’ve found you again, it must be the goddess of the moon arranging for you to come serve me, my enchanting little sprite. Come back with me and be my concubine.”

Helian Yichen spoke in a deep voice, his violet eyes flashing with a seductive spark. He cradled her cold, stubborn face in one hand and lowered his head, slowly kissing her trembling lips.

He wants her to be his concubine? Who does he think he is? Just because he said it, does that mean she has to accept? Nangong Nuoer barely had time to think before his stunningly handsome face loomed closer, and suddenly his warm lips pressed against hers. By the time she regained her senses, his nimble tongue had already slipped into her mouth, seeking to savor the sweetness within.

That infuriating man! She had only sought his help that night because of that damned aphrodisiac. That didn’t mean he could treat her lightly from now on. Nangong Nuoer narrowed her eyes in fury and bit down hard on his probing tongue. Helian Yichen swiftly retreated, but it was a moment too late; she had managed to pierce his lip, and bright red blood oozed from the wound.

“You were the one who initiated this, so I refuse to apologize,” Nangong Nuoer panted slightly, watching the crimson thread trickle from his lip without a hint of guilt.

“Tsk, tsk, you’re really willing to bite me that hard?” Helian Yichen licked the blood from his lip with his tongue, a playful smile still dancing on his face, as if he didn’t care about the minor injury at all.

“Humph, you’re nobody to me, so why should I care? You’d better let me go quickly, or I can be even more ruthless.”

Nangong Nuoer glared coldly at him as he licked away the blood, undeniably finding his actions incredibly sexy. But unfortunately for him, she wasn’t an easy woman to entice. No matter how provocative he got in front of her, she would remain unmoved because she was an agent.