He Still Wants to Take Advantage of Her! 13

"You think you have the right to refuse me?" Helian Yichen scooped her up and carried her back to his room, disregarding her struggles as he tossed her onto his bed. He looked down at her with a mocking smirk, as if to say she was foolish for even trying to resist.

"You're infuriating! You arrogant, shameless jerk! I don’t want to be in your room—I want to go back!" The audacity of this man! So what if he was a prince? Did he really think she would fear his status? Nangong Nuo'er scoffed as she sat up on the edge of the bed, her determination burning bright. Even if her leg was broken, she refused to let him tie her to him in any way.

"Little temptress, I suggest you don't test my patience. Otherwise, you’ll be the one regretting it." This damned woman! Even after he had broken her leg, her stubbornness remained infuriating. Watching her struggle to get up made Helian Yichen's expression darken, his face tightening as if he were holding back a storm.

"You’re the one making my life miserable! You’ve already broken my leg—what more do you want? Can't you understand plain words? If I don’t leave now, I’ll regret it!" Nangong Nuo'er shot him a furious glare, pushing through the pain in her leg as she tried to stand. But just as she managed to lift herself, he slammed her back down onto the bed with a sudden force. As she let out a gasp, Helian Yichen leaned closer, his long fingers reaching for the hem of her shirt, intent on lifting it.

"If I don’t keep you down, are you trying to lead me to my own demise?" This was all his fault; he had no one to blame but himself.

"What the hell do you think you’re doing? Stop! I said stop! Do you hear me?" As she saw him attempt to pull her clothes off, Nangong Nuo'er couldn't help but gasp in shock. She quickly grabbed his hand, disbelief flooding her expression. How could this despicable man be trying to undress her? It was outrageous!

"Hmph! Aren't you desperate to leave my room? If I take your clothes off and you still insist on leaving, I won't try to stop you." A sinister grin crept onto Helian Yichen's lips as he continued his movements, trying to figure out how to remove her oddly designed clothing. What a strange outfit it was! Just how was he supposed to get it off?