**Shameless Man! 2**

“Don’t you get it yet? Ever since that night you met me, you’ve been destined to be mine. You’d better accept your fate and stop trying to pull any tricks, or you’ll be the one who suffers.”

He had never failed to claim a woman he desired. Since he had already set his sights on her, she had no choice but to resign herself to it. Hélian Yicheng lifted her chin with a confident hand, his violet-hued eyes piercing into hers as if he were attempting to see straight through her soul. He could offer her a significant amount of freedom, but it had to be within his presence.

“Accept my fate? No way!” Nangong Nuo’er spat out each word, making it clear that she was not one to submit easily. She was a rebellious spirit through and through, and the notion that he could make her obedient was nothing short of a fantasy.

“You’ll find out soon enough whether you can resist or not. Since you’re the third young lady of the Nangong family, marrying into the royal family is a match made in heaven. I already have a fiancée, so you’ll have to settle for being a concubine. But don’t worry; I won't treat you poorly. You’ll have all the rights that the main princess has. You should feel satisfied with that.”

Hélian Yicheng believed that this arrangement was the best he could offer her. After all, even as a concubine in the royal palace, there would be plenty of women vying for his attention.

“Bullshit! You think I’d settle to be your concubine? You must be dreaming.” His tone made it sound as if he was bestowing a great favor upon her, as if she were just some woman desperate enough to seek refuge in his royal palace. Please, she wasn’t unwanted; why would she demean herself by becoming a lesser woman? This man was ridiculous. Was every man of the past so self-righteous?

“Am I being unreasonable? I’m offering you the same privileges as the main princess, and you’re still not satisfied? You little vixen, you’re awfully greedy,” Hélian Yicheng frowned, assuming she was unsatisfied with the title of concubine. She didn’t seem like the type to be greedy.

“Please don’t think every woman in the world is just clamoring to get into your royal palace!” Hearing him say that, Nangong Nuo’er couldn’t help but burst into laughter. Did he really believe she would be thrilled to be his princess? She nearly laughed her teeth out.

“Just for that line, I’m definitely marrying you! Ha ha…” Hélian Yicheng was momentarily taken aback by her response.