**"Don't Touch Me!" - Part 3**

Nangong Nuo'er felt her lips twitch involuntarily. Who did he think he was? She was not someone who would just obey his every whim.

"Little vixen, what I want to hear is ‘absolute,’ not ‘as much as possible.’" Her boldness was beyond the ordinary; not only did she go against his words, but she also dared to treat him with such a dismissive attitude. Helian Yichen pinched her nose with a hint of displeasure in his voice that rose slightly.

"I'm sorry, but ‘absolute’ doesn’t exist in my dictionary. If you’re looking for a woman who will obey you absolutely, you might want to find someone else," she retorted, a smirk curling at her lips. It wasn’t that there weren’t women who would submit to him completely—Japanese women were known to be quite fitting for that role. But a rebellious woman like her was an extreme case.

“Are you trying to provoke me?” What kind of woman was she? Time and again, she defied his intentions, and now she had the audacity to look at him with disdain. Helian Yichen couldn’t help but worry that one day he might just lose control and strangle this reckless woman himself.

“Prince, are you mistaking the roles here? You’re the one who’s been bothering me; shouldn’t I be the one getting angry?” Nangong Nuo'er mocked, wondering just who was pulling whose leg at this point.

“Your Highness, the doctor is here.” Just as the atmosphere between them reached a boiling point, Qin Tian walked in. Hearing their argument, his brows furrowed. When did their prince become so fond of fighting with women? Ever since he saw them together, it seemed they never stopped bickering.

“Let him in.” Helian Yichen took a deep breath to calm the simmering anger that Nangong Nuo'er had so easily provoked in him and ordered in a bland tone.

“Yes, Your Highness.” Qin Tian received the command and called out to the outside, “Doctor, please come in.” Moments later, a doctor entered, his medicine box hanging from his shoulder.

Since Nangong Nuo'er’s injury was on her thigh, she had to roll up her pants to expose her fair skin for the doctor’s examination. She felt it was nothing much, but Helian Yichen’s violet eyes were fixed on the doctor as if he could see right through him. Though he didn’t say a word, the unspoken pressure made the doctor feel uneasy. Cold sweat broke out on his forehead, and aside from examining the injury, he didn’t dare to glance anywhere else, fearing that even a slight misstep might provoke the prince’s wrath.