“Don’t Touch Me!” Part 4

“How’s my thigh, doctor?” Compared to the visibly stressed doctor, Nangong Nuo’er remained surprisingly calm. Having faced death multiple times in the twenty-first century, this minor leg injury felt trivial to her.

“Miss, the injury to the bone in your thigh was caused by internal energy, resulting in a fracture. It’s going to take quite a while for it to heal,” the doctor said, wiping the cold sweat from his forehead with his sleeve.

“How long will it take?” Nangong Nuo’er shot a cold glance at Helian Yichen, the one responsible for her predicament. Thanks to him, she would be deprived of her freedom for some time. Instead of showing any remorse at her glare, Helian Yichen looked unfazed. This was all her doing; if she hadn’t insisted on attacking him, he wouldn’t have retaliated so fiercely.

“Recovery time varies with each individual’s constitution. If you’re lucky, it could be one or two months; if not, it could take three to four months, or even a year and a half. I’ll apply some medicine, bandage it up, and use a wooden brace to stabilize your thigh,” the doctor explained as he opened his medical kit, taking out supplies to treat her injury.

Once the doctor left, Nangong Nuo’er felt a bit fatigued. After being fussed over for half the day, even a machine would be worn out, let alone her human self.

“You’re tired; you should rest,” Helian Yichen said as he sat by her bedside, reaching out to tuck a stray lock of hair behind her ear. His long fingers lingered on her face, a touch that felt almost affectionate.

“I am tired, but with your hand wandering over my face, how can I possibly sleep?” Nangong Nuo’er glared at his probing fingers. His long, slender digits radiated a warmth that contrasted with her cool skin.

“Alright, in light of your injury, I won’t touch you anymore. This way, you can rest easier,” Helian Yichen said, pausing briefly before slowly withdrawing his hand and adjusting the blanket around her.

“If you weren’t here watching me, I’d rest even better,” Nangong Nuo’er pushed, not shy to express her discomfort. She despised being stared at as if he wanted to consume her whole; it made it impossible for her to relax.

“This is my room. If I’m not here, where exactly do you want me to go?” A soft chuckle escaped Helian Yichen’s lips, a playful glint in his eyes as he met her challenging gaze.