**Chapter 4: Strip Away Your Pretenses**

“Don’t worry about that; I trust that Nuo’er will adapt to life by my side quite easily. Right, Nuo’er?” Helian Yichen said, casually stepping past Nangong Xudan to sit down by the bed. He reached out to gently stroke Nangong Nuo’er’s icy cheek, his tone tinged with a subtle threat.

“I adapt quickly to unfamiliar environments,” she replied candidly. Her gaze slowly shifted to the black eagle perched on his shoulder, a smirk playing on her lips as if mocking the creature for its recent defeat. The once-proud eagle, having suffered at her hands before, shrank back under her piercing stare, its bravado deflating.

“Since Nuo’er has said it herself, brother-in-law can rest easy now,” Helian Yichen remarked, a look of appreciation flashing across his face. He then turned back to Nangong Xudan. 

“I hope that’s truly the case, little sister,” Nangong Xudan conceded, realizing he had little else to say in light of Nuo’er’s words.

“Well, since the future brother-in-law has no further concerns, you may take your leave. I still need to cultivate my relationship with my future beloved,” Helian Yichen’s sharp eyes swept over Nangong Xudan, making his dismissal unmistakably clear.

“But, little sister…” Was he really going to be sent away like this? Nangong Xudan was reluctant to give up and started to protest, but was cut off by Nangong Nuo’er, who raised her hand to stop him. Looking up at her elder brother, whose intentions were kind but whose presence she found irksome, she said coldly, “Brother, that’s enough. You should meddle less in my affairs. I’m old enough to know what I’m doing and what I want.” Her life was hers alone, and she didn’t need his interference.

“Little sister, I’m only concerned for you,” Nangong Xudan said, his face paling at her harsh words. He couldn’t believe the sincerity of his feelings had been tossed into the gutter like refuse.

Growing tired of the conversation, Helian Yichen shot a knowing glance at Qin Tian, who promptly understood the prince’s unspoken command. He stepped forward and addressed Nangong Xudan, “Nangong Gongzi, my master and the future side consort have matters to discuss. Please excuse us.”

“Alright then, little sister, make sure to rest well. I’ll come by to see you later. Your Highness, I take my leave,” Nangong Xudan said, his tone still carrying a hint of disappointment as he prepared to exit.