**Chapter 8: Undressing in Front of Her!**

The black hawk seemed to understand Helyn Yichen's words. It rubbed its head against his palm and let out a couple of plaintive calls, gazing at him with mournful eyes as if it didn’t want to leave. It wanted to stay.

"You can’t stay here," he insisted, his voice firm. "Get out, or I’ll really get angry." His little sprite was sleeping here, and no one, not even a black hawk, was allowed to intrude. Helyn Yichen’s possessiveness was intense.

The black hawk appeared frightened by the prospect of his anger. After casting a few more sorrowful glances at him, it turned to glare fiercely at Nangong Nuo'er, who was engrossed in her book. It was all because of her! If it weren’t for her, its master wouldn’t have banished it from the room.

"Could you please train your pet not to look at me like it wants to eat me? That kind of stare just makes me want to catch it and stew it even more," Nuo'er said, irritation creeping into her voice.

Feeling the black hawk’s hostility, Nangong Nuo'er slowly lifted her gaze from her book to meet the hawk’s glaring eyes, a smirk of derision playing at her lips. It truly was a foolish bird, still learning from its previous encounters with her. Maybe it was itching for another round in the hot water pot?

"Black hawk, it won’t be long before Nuo'er becomes your second master. You better treat her kindly, or I’ll make you go back and stop following me," Helyn Yichen added, his tone conveying a sense of authority. He was keenly aware of the black hawk’s animosity towards Nuo'er. She was the woman he wanted, and he wouldn’t tolerate any hostility directed at her, not even from his pet.

Upon hearing its master’s reprimand, the black hawk let out a couple of low, pitiful cries before reluctantly turning to fly out through the open window. Its forlorn silhouette seemed lonely and desolate against the backdrop of the sky.

"What an annoying bird. One of these days, I’ll pluck all your feathers," Nuo'er muttered, watching as it flew away. The smirk on her face deepened. The way the bird carried itself, one would think she had invaded its territory. Did it really think she wanted to stay here? If it weren’t for its master, she would be in her own room, blissfully unaware of this nonsense.

"Nuo'er, you’re injured. Staying up late isn’t good for you. You should get some sleep," Helyn Yichen said, his lips curling slightly at her words. He walked over to the bedside and gently took the book from her hands.