**Chapter 9: Undressing in Front of Her!**

“Hey, why did you take my book? I’m not even tired right now.” It was only around ten o’clock at night, after all. In the twenty-first century, she had never gone to bed before midnight. Nangong Nuoer furrowed her brow and reached out to get her book back.

“No way. Reading at night takes up a lot of energy, and I don’t want it to affect your recovery speed,” Helian Yichen replied with an unyielding expression. He was determined to help her heal quickly, and once everything was settled, he would take her back to the palace.

“Your Highness, you’re overreacting. I’m just reading; it’s not like I’m doing anything else. How could it possibly affect my recovery?” Nangong Nuoer shot him a glare, wondering if he thought she was some fragile porcelain doll that would break at the slightest touch. Please, she wasn’t that weak!

“Fine, even if reading doesn’t affect your injury, it affects me.” Helian Yichen tossed the book away, shrugging his shoulders.

“You’re being ridiculous. Reading is my business. I’m not making any noise; how could it disturb you?” It was clear he was trying to get under her skin. Nangong Nuoer’s expression darkened slightly; if she had a sword in her hand right now, she wouldn’t hesitate to stab it into his heart. Who said women were more troublesome than men? Men could be just as unreasonable.

“Do you really think not making noise means you won’t affect me? Don’t you need candlelight to read? Sorry, but I’m used to sleeping in the dark.” Helian Yichen smirked, taking pleasure in her irritation, clearly doing it on purpose.

“It seems our sleeping habits are quite different. Why not let me go back to my room? That way, we won’t disturb each other,” Nangong Nuoer forced a smile, suppressing her anger.

“No way. I won’t let my woman sleep that far away from me.” If she thought that a simple suggestion would make him back off, she was in for a disappointment. Helian Yichen grinned and, right in front of her, started to undress.

“You lunatic! Why are you taking off your clothes?” As she watched his long, elegant fingers slowly remove his clothing, Nangong Nuoer suddenly felt her throat dry up. She quickly turned away, avoiding the sight of his well-toned physique.