"Hey, don't mess around!" 

"Hey, don't mess around!" 

"What else could I do besides taking off my clothes?" Heryan Yichen's teasing smile widened as he watched her awkwardly turn her head away, clearly flustered.

"I'm injured right now, so don't do anything reckless." That beast! He can't be thinking of forcing himself on her, can he? They may have had a one-night stand before, but that was only because she had been drugged and was out of her mind. Nangong Nuo'er felt her grip tighten on the bedsheets, her eyes narrowing in warning as she silently vowed that if he dared to lay a finger on her, she would make sure he would never have children.

"Reckless? So you're actually worried I won’t be reckless? I was just planning to take off my clothes to sleep, but seeing how you seem to be looking forward to some 'after-show entertainment,' I wouldn’t mind engaging in some healthy and beneficial activities." Heryan Yichen deliberately twisted her words, his voice dripping with a rogue-like tone, clearly enjoying her embarrassment.

"You filthy rogue, you scoundrel! Do you feel happy playing with me like this?" This damned man acted all cool in front of others, but here he was, showing his lewd side. It made her grit her teeth in frustration. Nangong Nuo'er decided to stop avoiding him. After all, she had seen him naked before. Instead, she fixed her soul-stirring gaze directly on him.

"Did you know that you look especially cute and charming when you're angry with those rosy cheeks?" Heryan Yichen remarked, finding her anger far more enchanting than her usual calm demeanor. A playful smirk danced on his lips as he continued to shed his clothes, completely unbothered by his nakedness in front of her. She was his woman, after all; sooner or later, she’d have to get used to this version of him.

"And do you know how utterly shameless you look right now?" As she watched him strip down until he was left with only a snug pair of briefs, she recalled how she had already seen his impressive physique that night under the moonlight. But now, in the warm glow of the candlelight, he looked even more muscular and elongated.

His body was perfectly proportioned, resembling the gods from Greek mythology, making it hard for her to look away. She had seen plenty of men's bodies, but she had to admit that his was the best among all the men she had encountered, captivating her more than she'd like to admit.