**"Don't Mess Around!" Part 2**

“I don’t know, but I do know that you’ve been staring at me like you’re about to drool.” Harlan Yichen gazed at her, his smirk widening as he noticed her eyes glued to his chiseled physique. He stepped forward with an elegant gait, resembling a graceful lion closing in on its prey. Though he wore an innocent smile, there was an undercurrent of suffocating pressure and danger radiating from him.

“You’re talking nonsense! Stop being so full of yourself! Who do you think you are? I would never drool over you.” Sure, his body was perfect, but his personality flaws made her find him utterly unappealing. She was convinced he wore a double mask—one for public appearances and another for private encounters. Either way, he irritated her to no end. Yes, she absolutely despised him.

“Alright, since you refuse to drool over me, I’ll just drool over you instead,” Harlan replied, his tone teasing as he slowly approached the edge of the bed, deliberately dragging out the moment as if to amplify the tension in the air.

“Shameless, disgusting… What do you think you’re doing?!” As Nangong Nuo’er unleashed a barrage of insults at him, the insufferable man suddenly reached out and grasped her shoulders. She gasped, a chill running down her spine. Damn it, was he really planning to force himself on her? The thought ignited a fierce determination within her, and she instinctively lunged at his chest, ready to retaliate. That night, she had only acted out of necessity; there was no way she would allow him to touch even a hair on her head again. She was ready to fight him till the end.

“I just wanted to move you so you could lie down properly. Is that really such a big reaction?” 

This woman had a vicious fighting spirit, targeting his weak points with every strike. However, Harlan was far from easy to deal with. He effortlessly captured her wrists, pinning her arms above her head while avoiding her injured foot. His violet eyes gleamed with a strange, captivating light, drawing her gaze in despite herself. His lips curled into a seductive smile, a dangerous charm radiating from him.

“You…” So, he only wanted to help her lie down, but after that little stunt he just pulled, there was no way she could believe him.