"Don't mess around!" 

"Don't mess around!" 

Anyone would misunderstand; Nangong Nuo'er was not someone who would easily admit she was wrong. Her sparkling phoenix eyes glared at the body pressing down on her, coldly mocking, "Didn’t you say you only wanted me to sleep inside? What does this mean now?!" She struggled to free herself from his grip, but his strength was astonishing. Even in her twenty-first life, she had been strong, yet in front of him, she felt like an insignificant little bug, completely outmatched.

"You little enchantress, did you forget? You attacked me first. I was just defending myself. You can’t expect me to just sit back and take it, can you?" Enjoying her flustered expression, Helyan Yichen saw nothing wrong with his actions. He buried his face in the crook of her neck, inhaling deeply the faint, unique fragrance that clung to her. A wicked smile spread across his face, and he was deeply entranced.

"Don’t call me a little enchantress! I thought you were going to do something bad, which is why I attacked you. Now that the misunderstanding is cleared up, I won’t make a move against you again. You can roll off me anytime," she snapped, unable to tolerate the ambiguity of their position. Did he not realize how suggestive it was to be lying on top of her like this? 

"No, you are indeed the little enchantress sent by the Moon Goddess to confuse me. You didn’t misunderstand me because I really want to mess with you, really want to take action against you. Your body is so soft and fragrant; how could I bear to let you go?" Helyan Yichen held her down with just one hand effortlessly, watching her face flush with anger. Especially those large, dark eyes of hers—innocent yet carrying a hint of flirtation—he couldn’t help but want to tease her more, relishing the way her proud demeanor slowly crumbled in front of him. 

"You perverted jerk! If you don’t get off me right now, I swear I’ll get angry!" His shameless words made her cheeks burn. No one liked being pinned down, and for someone as proud as her, it was even worse. Nangong Nuo'er shot him a death glare that could kill; if looks could pierce, he would have been riddled with holes by now. 

"Alright, I’ll let you go. Don’t be angry; I’d hate to see you upset," Helyan Yichen flashed her a charming grin, then rolled off her and lay down beside her. He casually waved his hand, extinguishing the candlelight on the table with a gust of wind. 

The first chapter was just beginning, and the tension between them crackled in the air, promising a whirlwind of emotions to come.