“Hey, don’t mess around!” 

As she felt her tense body slowly starting to relax, a playful smile crept onto Harlan’s lips.

“Stop talking nonsense! I’m not comfortable at all,” she retorted, even though he was right—he really was making her feel good. But there was no way she would admit it.

“Nonsense?! Are you referring to me saying you’re my woman, or my asking if you feel good?” Pretending not to understand her words, Harlan leaned closer to her ear, his low, teasing laughter sending shivers through her heart, as if his voice held some enchanting power.

“Boring, I’m going to sleep,” she declared, feeling inexplicably guilty under his gaze. She resolved to ignore his question.

“Didn’t you just say you’re not used to going to bed so early?” Harlan chuckled, clearly amused by her.

“You said you were used to going to bed early too, yet here you are, wide awake,” Nango Noer shot back, a hint of sass in her tone.

“Alright, it seems my little enchantress really does want to sleep. Go ahead, sleep,” Harlan said, but just as he spoke, his hand, which had been gently massaging her shoulder, suddenly slipped down to her waist.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?! You said you wouldn’t touch me!” Nango gasped as his warm hand settled on her waist, her heart racing as she instinctively pressed his hand away, glaring at him. He couldn’t possibly be going back on his word, could he?

“I just want to hold you while we sleep! Why are you reacting so dramatically?!” Harlan replied innocently. Didn’t he have the right to hold her? He really just wanted to hold her while they slept without any ulterior motives.

“You’re insane! I’m not your pillow; go hug a pillow instead!” She almost thought he was losing control and might do something reckless. Nango pressed a hand to her rapidly beating heart, shooting him an annoyed look.

“No way! How could hugging a pillow compare to holding a beautiful woman?!” With such a stunning beauty lying next to him, not being able to touch her was already torture. If he couldn’t hold her while they slept, wouldn’t that be a waste? Harlan was definitely not the kind of guy to squander such an opportunity. Ignoring her struggles, he wrapped his arms around her tightly.

—

PS: Readers who enjoy this book are welcome to join the group: 210241448

—