"You cold-blooded, heartless woman!" 

She pulled out a dagger, swiftly slicing through the fabric of his shirt. A deep, long gash marred his chest, clearly a wound from a brutal fight. 

"Thank goodness there's a first aid kit here; otherwise, you'd be in serious trouble," she muttered, momentarily ignoring how he got injured. Outside, people were searching for the assassin, and if they found out he was the one they were hunting, she couldn't even begin to imagine the consequences. For now, it was best to keep this under wraps. 

In the twenty-first century, she had been a secret agent; injuries were part of her life. Often, when a trip to the hospital wasn’t feasible, she had to handle her wounds herself. So, dealing with injuries was second nature to her. She found the first aid kit and set to work, applying medicine and bandaging his wound with precision and grace.

As she worked on his injury, Hélian Yicheng gradually regained consciousness. He opened his heavy eyelids and caught sight of her tending to his wound. Her deft movements were as skilled as that of any professional doctor, leaving him momentarily stunned.

"You’re awake. How do you feel?!" Nan Gong Nuo'er asked, her hands still busy with the bandages. She could feel two piercing gazes on her, realizing he was now alert. She couldn’t help but admire his strong will. Most people in his condition would either be flirting with death or remain unconscious for what felt like an eternity. Yet here he was, waking up after only a short while—his resilience was truly remarkable.

"With you by my side, I feel fantastic," Hélian Yicheng replied, a weak smile breaking through his pale face, his tone effortlessly charming.

"What time do you think this is? You’re still cracking jokes? Do you even know that excessive blood loss can be fatal?!" As she glared at his nonchalant demeanor, Nan Gong Nuo'er felt an inexplicable anger bubbling up inside her. In a moment of frustration, she intentionally pressed down on his wound, satisfied when he let out a muffled groan.

"Wow... are you actually concerned about me?!" He winced, feeling her pressure on his injury, and thought to himself how ruthless she was. He was injured, and yet she was pressing down on him as if she wished for him to perish even faster. Hélian Yicheng frowned, but looking at her tense expression, he couldn’t resist the urge to tease her.

"Who’s concerned about you? Don’t flatter yourself! I'm worried you might die on my bed; I can't bear the charge of murdering a prince. I definitely don’t want to become a fugitive of the court."