"You cold-hearted and heartless woman!" 

After finishing the bandaging, Nankong Nuo'er carefully rolled up his blood-stained clothes and the dark cloak, wrapping them tightly in a piece of cloth before sliding them beneath the bed. For now, these items were best kept out of sight, especially until she figured out what was really going on.

"Tsk, tsk, you really are a cold and heartless woman. Don't you have any feelings for me at all?!" Why was she always so indifferent? If she showed just a little tenderness, it would make her even more adorable. Helyan Yichen reached out, clasping her hand and drawing her closer, their eyes locking in a deep gaze.

"Of course I do." As she stared into his violet-tinted eyes, Nankong Nuo'er felt her heart skip several beats. Uncertain, she quickly averted her gaze. His eyes resembled two deep pools of water; looking too long would inevitably pull someone into their depths, making escape impossible.

"Really? What kind of feelings do you have for me? Is it love? Have you already started to like me?!" Helyan Yichen refused to let her look away, forcefully turning her head back to meet his gaze.

"You're ridiculous. Do you think I could just casually like a smelly man like you? Let go!" If she hadn’t helped him with his wound earlier, she would never have guessed that his injury was serious. Given his attitude, he showed none of the concern a wounded person should have. Nankong Nuo'er impatiently pulled her hand away from his grasp.

"That’s really disappointing. I thought you liked me! Otherwise, why didn’t you call for help just now? Don’t you worry that I have some sort of scheme against your Nankong Manor?!" This cold-hearted woman—couldn’t she show him even a bit of concern?!

"I just don’t want to create trouble. I'm not in charge of Nankong Manor, so I don't care about your schemes against it, nor do I want to." She wasn't even a true member of Nankong Manor. Her naturally cold demeanor made it incredibly hard to elicit any concern from her.

"Even when something happens to your own family, you can remain so detached? Nuo'er, are you really a part of Nankong Manor? You went missing for a while, and it was during that time that I met you. What on earth happened to you that made you this cold and unfeeling?" Helyan Yichen gently pressed a finger above her heart. Good, she still had a heartbeat; her blood was warm.