**Do You Really Wish My Hand Was Disabled?**

"I don't want to talk to a man who looks down on women right now." It was clearly unfair to her, and there was nothing more to say. She was at his mercy because she was injured, but once she healed, things would be different. Nangong Nuo'er thought to herself, closing her eyes to refuse any more conversation on such an unpleasant topic.

"I don't look down on women!" When had he ever looked down on her?! If he truly held women in contempt, he wouldn’t be so infatuated with her, nor would he want to take her as his concubine the moment he saw her. Even if she were a concubine, he never intended to treat her poorly. Helyan Yichen gazed at her beautiful face, now resting with her eyes shut, unable to suppress a low growl as he defended himself.

Hearing his low growl, Nangong Nuo'er simply curled her lips into a cold, sarcastic smile, choosing not to say another word.

After waiting a long time without her response, Helyan Yichen realized she was determined not to speak with him. His hand slid around her waist, holding her slender figure tightly. For the past few days, he had been embracing her as they fell asleep, and it had gradually become a habit. As he thought about her injury tonight, a wave of frustration washed over him. He had been too careless, ambushed and wounded, losing so much blood. He really should rest now.

Once he was certain he had fallen asleep, Nangong Nuo'er slowly opened her eyes. Looking at his pale complexion, she remembered how spirited he had been arguing with her just moments ago. Her ruby lips parted slightly as she muttered two words, "Crazy man!!!"

Unfortunately, Helyan Yichen, who had already sunk into a deep slumber, couldn't hear her words. Otherwise, his expression would surely have turned green with anger.

---

Because Helyan Yichen didn't want anyone to know about his injury, Nangong Nuo'er had no choice but to declare to the outside world that he was ill. She and Qintian were in charge of his medication. Qintian prepared the medicine, and Nangong Nuo'er had to feed it to him, although she wasn't particularly eager about it.

"If I weren’t the one applying your medicine, I might have thought your hand was disabled," she said, feeding him the medicine while watching the look of enjoyment on his face. She couldn't help but add a touch of venom to her words.