**Chapter 4: Do You Really Hope My Hand Will Be Disabled?**

She had never been particularly interested in him, but now, she found herself quite intrigued. Nan Gong Nuo Er grabbed the cane resting by the bed and propped herself up to stand. “Xiao Xiao, where’s my wheelchair? Take me to see him.”

“Where do you think you’re going?!” Helian Yi Chen, who had been lying in bed with a frown while listening to their conversation, quickly reached out and tugged at her sleeve, his tone darkening with concern.

“I’m not your prisoner! Why does it matter where I go? Let go of me!” Nan Gong Nuo Er was immediately annoyed when he pulled on her sleeve, raising her voice. He couldn’t possibly want to restrict her freedom too, could he?

“You’re my fiancée. I’m sick right now, how can you just leave me?! You should stay here and take care of me.” Helian Yi Chen let go of her clothing but firmly held onto her hand, clearly not wanting her to leave.

“Sorry, but if you’re looking for someone to keep you company while you’re sick, you’d better find someone else, because I can’t do that.” Nan Gong Nuo Er deliberately emphasized the last four words. The thing she hated most was having her freedom restricted by others, and he dared to try and control her freedom? That was simply impossible. She shot him a cold glare.

“You…” Helian Yi Chen’s face darkened with anger. This woman was getting bolder, repeatedly challenging his patience. Now she even dared to speak to him like that. His expression turned an ominous shade of green.

“Please let go. You’re a prince; stop acting like a discarded little wife.” Nan Gong Nuo Er completely ignored his furious, icy gaze. Her tone was calm, but it was enough to infuriate Helian Yi Chen to the point where he felt like strangling her.

Xiao Xiao, who was waiting to help Nan Gong Nuo Er out, was already used to their strange relationship, but upon hearing her audacious words, she couldn't help but gasp in shock. Oh my, the third young lady was incredibly daring to say such insulting things to a prince. Watching Helian Yi Chen's face turn a deep shade of blue, she couldn’t help but sweat for Nan Gong Nuo Er, hoping he wouldn’t punish her.

“Nan Gong Nuo Er, well done.” In a fit of rage, Helian Yi Chen didn’t explode, but a terrifying cold glint flashed in his violet eyes, as if he wanted to freeze her in place. Slowly, he released his grip on her wrist, allowing her the semblance of freedom.