**Not Addictive in Moderation! 2**

---

“Noel, I won’t allow you to talk about yourself like that, saying you have some terminal illness—it's complete nonsense!” Helian Yichen, who had just finished changing his medication, exited the side room and immediately frowned at her words.

“What’s the big deal?! I’m talking about myself, not you. Why are you so worked up?!” Nangong Noel shot him a glance, her tone unapologetic.

“Regardless, I absolutely won’t permit you to speak such ominous words.” Didn’t she realize how much he dreaded the thought of losing her? Hearing her contradict him only stirred frustration within Helian Yichen. It was as if she had a talent for driving him mad. He took a deep breath to calm himself, then turned to the doctor, asking, “Doctor, what’s really going on with her?! Just a moment ago, she was in excruciating pain!”

“The third miss had a very erratic pulse earlier, but she is gradually stabilizing now. It appears she should be fine,” the doctor explained.

“Doctor, can you be a bit clearer? So, does she have a problem or not? Will her head hurt again in the future?!” Helian Yichen felt anger bubbling up at the doctor’s vague explanation. Who was this quack, anyway? Did he even know how to diagnose properly?!

“The third miss has a fractured foot, which has caused some nerve disruption. Until her foot heals, she is likely to continue experiencing headaches,” the doctor said hesitantly, sensing the tension in the air.

“Is there any medication that can alleviate her pain?!” The realization that her foot injury was the cause of her suffering made Helian Yichen anxious.

“Unfortunately, there isn’t any medication currently available that can relieve her type of nerve pain,” the doctor shook his head apologetically.

“What? You Mongolian doctor, what are you saying? Do you expect me to watch her suffer in pain and be completely powerless?!” Helian Yichen’s cold gaze flashed, his intensity piercing through the air like an arrow aimed directly at the doctor.

“Well, it’s not that there’s absolutely nothing that can help. There is one thing that has strong analgesic qualities, but using it excessively can lead to addiction,” the doctor hesitated, feeling intimidated under Helian Yichen’s fierce stare.

“What is it?!” Helian Yichen pressed, urgency evident in his voice.

--- 

The tension in the room was palpable as Helian Yichen awaited the doctor’s response, his heart racing at the thought of Noel enduring further pain. 