**Chapter 4: Moderation Prevents Addiction!**

If black jade ointment was the only thing that could ease her headache right now, she’d give it a shot. Nan Gong Nuo'er wanted to say more, but Helian Yichen swiftly covered her mouth, his tone firm and unwavering as he declared, “No more discussion. I absolutely refuse to let you use that as medicine.”

“Oh really?! It’s me suffering from the pain, not you.” Could he get any more domineering? Now he was even dictating what medicine she could take when she was sick. Was he going to control her bathroom breaks next? Tired of his excessive interference, Nan Gong Nuo'er couldn't help but smirk sarcastically at him. Modern medicine had its share of prohibited drugs, but with appropriate use, they could be considered. Why was he so adamant about keeping her from using the black jade ointment?

“How can you say that?! I care about you; I’m not trying to harm you.” Why did she always have to speak with such barbs? If it weren’t for his good temper, she would surely end up driving him to his breaking point one day. Did she really think he felt any better seeing her in pain?

“Before you concern yourself with me, perhaps you should check on your own well-being first.” Watching his complexion grow even paler, Nan Gong Nuo'er realized he was putting on a brave face. She shook her head to dispel the lingering headache and got off the bed, leaning on her cane as she moved away, leaving the bed for him.

“Where are you going?!” Seeing her attempt to leave again, Helian Yichen quickly grasped her wrist, concern etched on his features.

“I’m going outside to read. You look like you can barely hold up; you should really lie down and rest. If you collapse, I won’t be able to lift you back into bed.” There were many things she still didn’t understand, and she needed to absorb more knowledge about this kingdom. Once she had the zither in her hands, she could choose whether to stay or leave. She had to return to her modern life; she had had enough of this ancient world.

“Your head is still bothering you; don’t overexert yourself. Do you know how awful you look with a headache?” Helian Yichen slowly lay back down. He knew very well that his own body was nearing its limits. What he needed most was to recuperate and gather his strength for further investigations. He had to recover quickly so he could resolve matters here and take Nuo'er back to the palace.

“If I look so awful, why do you still want me to be your concubine? How ridiculous!”