**The Allure of the Night Coast! 9**

"Don't worry about me. I’m as clean as a whistle; there's nothing hidden or shameful about my health. But you? You seem to have no qualms about picking up women on the street. Should I be worried about you having some sort of STD?" 

Meng Han shot back, a teasing smile dancing on her lips as her soft hand slid provocatively down to his waist. Just as she suspected, she felt him respond—he was undeniably aroused. At this moment, not only did she need him, but he craved her just as fiercely.

“A woman who spends a night of ecstasy with me is not your average girl. I can assure you my body is free of any ailments. Does that satisfy you?” His voice was deep and husky, thick with desire. Those dark, fathomless eyes sparkled with a tantalizing glint, and his strong hand glided down her smooth back to grip her perky rear, pressing forward with a force that would have surely left her breathless if he weren’t still wearing pants.

Her soft moans were intoxicating, melting into the air and making him feel like he had struck gold. He couldn't help but smile wickedly, feeling lucky to have stumbled upon such a rare beauty. Suddenly, he scooped her up effortlessly and began striding toward the shore.

“Ah... where are you taking me?” Meng Han gasped in surprise as she was lifted off her feet, shivers coursing through her body. The cold water was becoming unbearable.

“Of course, I’m taking you to the shore. Do you want to stay in the water?” His low, seductive voice wrapped around her like a warm embrace, sending another shiver down her spine.

“Then let’s go to the shore.” With the flames of desire now stoked inside her, there was no need to linger in the chilly sea. As his face turned toward her, illuminated by the moonlight, she struggled to focus her gaze, but his features came into sharp relief—a handsome man with an undeniable charm.

His chiseled face, reminiscent of a master sculptor's work, held an enticing danger in his half-lidded black eyes, a dangerous allure that was almost irresistible. It made her feel like a moth drawn to a flame, willing to throw caution to the wind and dive headfirst into the unknown. Fate had indeed been kind to her, sending such a captivating man her way.