**The Joy of Sudden Wealth**

【Sisi, when can we open our water and electricity supply area for others to use?】  
【For now, we do not recommend it because our system isn’t ready for external access yet! We're only allowed to provide water, electricity, and gas for the main brain room.】  
【Lanlan, didn’t you say you wanted to see? I’ll take you for a tour! After you see it, you’ll understand.】  

By the time Gan Lanlan came back after circling the underground, she was left speechless, except for her shock. The system was so advanced that it was indeed unsuitable for exposure; they would have to wait for another opportunity! For now, it seemed they would still need to rely on the most traditional methods!

Talent, they truly lacked talent right now!  
【Lanlan, don't worry too much, the main system says that once the base develops, everything will come together.】  

The main system painted a nice picture, but she could only gulp it down, or else she would be left starving! The system diligently reported today’s “achievements”:  
【Completed the construction of one house, rewarded with 10 energy points, total energy: 47 points.】  
【Two special individuals have moved in, rewarded with 1000 energy points, total energy: 1047 points.】  

However, Gan Lanlan felt a bit groggy and went to bed early. In the middle of the night, Sisi detected that Gan Lanlan had a high fever. No matter how much it called her name, she wouldn't wake up, making Sisi anxious and more agitated in the Star Network.  
【Lanlan, Lanlan… wake up! Lanlan, wake up!】  

It was Sisi's anxious voice, Gan Lanlan thought in a daze. Unfortunately, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t open her eyes. As a ray of sunlight streamed through the small window, a hand emerged from under the slightly raised blanket and waved by her ear.  

Gan Lanlan felt as if a mosquito had been buzzing around her ear all night, but alas, only a ray of sunlight was the only thing that moved; nothing else came.  
【Warrior No. 1000 awakens their natural power, rewarded with 10,000 energy points, total energy: 11047 points.】  

Ten thousand points of energy? Startled, she sat up, but without any strength, she flopped back down!  
“Ouch, my head feels so dizzy!”  
【Sisi, what happened? Why suddenly there are so many energy points?】  

As for her powers, they weren’t that important for now! Freshly awakened, they wouldn't be of much use—she could just slowly study them later; her own powers weren’t going anywhere! But ten thousand energy points, that was truly enticing!  
【Lanlan, you finally woke up!! You got drenched in the rain yesterday and had a fever all night! I was so scared, no matter how much I called, you wouldn't wake up!】  
【Really? No wonder I felt so dizzy last night.】  
【But Lanlan, you awakened your special abilities, so the rewards from the system are higher!】  

What? She suddenly had a feeling of unexpected wealth!  
It truly was perfect to wake up suddenly rich.  
The joy of becoming wealthy overnight was astonishing and exciting.  
Her head no longer hurt, and her dizziness faded!  

Humming a tune, she went downstairs, ready to whip up something delicious and invite Uncle Kuan and the others to eat together.  
However, she found that only Kuan Xin was there; Uncle Kuan was unusually restless!  
“Good morning, Lanlan.”  
“Good morning, Kuan Xin. Is Uncle Kuan out again?”  
“Yes, my dad just can't sit still. He went to town.”  

Gan Lanlan admired Uncle Kuan quite a bit; he was a truly earnest and helpful person.  
“I’ll make breakfast, and you guys can come over to my house to eat!”  
“No need, we’ve already eaten. My dad found the old coal stove from our house; it may be an ‘antique’, but it works quite well.”  
“Is that so? That’s great!”  
“Totally! By the way, Lanlan, I wanted to ask, how many of these houses can you build? I’m not asking for any particular reason; it’s just that with all the noise outside last night, my dad and I felt completely safe inside. Now I understand why you never moved!”  

She scratched her head a bit awkwardly and said,  
“By the way, do you sell or rent these houses? Although our town isn’t very big, my father and I still have quite a few friends... So I just wanted to ask your thoughts; can you build a few more houses?”  
【Lanlan, it’s best not to sell our houses. Once sold, we lose control! But renting them out is fine.】  
“Yeah, renting is fine. However, I can’t build many houses all at once. I can only provide the materials for now; if there are many people, they might have to build them themselves.”  
“No problem, we’ll do the labor ourselves! Thank you, thank you! Lanlan, you’re truly a great person.”  

He gave her a thumbs-up.  
“…”  
【Sisi, are there any good packages right now? I’d like to purchase a bulk of materials.】  
【Lanlan, wait a moment, let me check.】  

The items on the Star Network were too many and too pricey; most would need looking at without being able to buy, and searching for them herself would take ages!  
Sisi was more like a personal assistant, having grasped all the information about the Star Network, making it faster to look for resources!  
【There is one! For just 999 points, you can buy materials for 1000 houses, plus many free gifts. It’s truly a bargain; you can’t lose!】  
【Pfft, Sisi, where did you learn that?】  
【Hehe, I’ve been watching some advertising stuff recently. Isn’t it great?】  
【… Pretty good.】  

However, among the gifts were many materials for passageways, including familiar roof beams, fences, fields, and quite a lot of miscellaneous items.  
If it had been a day or two prior, 999 points wouldn’t even have been worth a glance!  
She could only envy such offers; what was the need?  
But right now, oh boy, Gan Lanlan’s eyes sparkled!  
【Sisi, hurry, hurry, help me grab it!】  

Today was a great day, filled with good fortune.  
【Consuming 999 points to exchange for 1000 building materials kits; total energy: 10048 points.】  
All exchanged materials were stored in the space, after all, sending large items from the Star Network would incur fees!  
Suddenly remembering something, she asked,  
【Sisi, do you have any systems similar to banks? Like a place to store energy points and earn interest?】  
【Hmm? Let me check, but my current system doesn't have it.】  
【Okay, Sisi, please help me look.】  

Since there were huge sales going on, maybe “banking and investments” would also be available!  
Though Gan Lanlan didn’t know why such information about “banks” was in her head, it wasn’t a priority at the moment.  

“Kuan Xin, I’m going to give you some building materials. Start constructing along the right side of your house. If you run out of materials, come find me again.”  
She didn’t dare to give away all the materials at once since any mishap could cause their loss.  
She wasn’t a wealthy magnate and couldn’t afford to take such risks.  
After all, Sisi had mentioned that materials not connected to the main house were just somewhat better-quality boards.  

Kuan Xin rubbed his hands in excitement, “Sure!”  
Watching him work efficiently, she let him start by building five connected houses near his home, leaving space for a road in between.  
With nothing else to do for now, Gan Lanlan decided to pave the road leading outward from her home.  

In the future, this right area would be developed into the central district, while the left side would serve as a residential zone.  
“Lanlan, look! My dad is back, and he even brought Uncle Hua along.”  
While Gan Lanlan focused on laying the floor, she looked up and saw the two men approaching from afar, thinking to herself:  
“Just as expected, what needed to come has finally arrived.”  

*End of Chapter*