**Chapter One: The First Canteen**

"Hey! Look at my Blue Dragon Crescent Blade... Ouch! That hurts! Hua Xiong, you're being unfair! Let go, let go, it hurts!" 

Hua Ze silently released his grip. After all these years, Guan Xin still hadn't learned his lesson, but seeing his old friend again made him unable to resist chuckling.

"I've told you before, you're neither Guan Yu, nor am I Hua Xiong. Aren't you tired of this joke yet?"

As he let go of Guan Xin, the action was merely reflexive.

Guan Xin cupped his sore hand and leaned in closer with a cheeky grin: "Haha, I specially came to welcome you! Come on, let’s go get a drink!"

"You still want to take me down?" 

Ignoring him, Guan Xin wrapped his arm around Hua Ze’s shoulders and dragged him away as if it was a done deal! 

"Come on! You're my good brother! Today is all about celebrating your return! We won't stop until we're completely drunk! Let’s go, Guan is taking you to our base’s first canteen; you have to see this for yourself. Let me tell you…"

Watching the two affectionately interact, Dr. Hua smiled and shook his head, following along.

Today, the first canteen of the sugarcane base was exceptionally lively, almost like a festival. 

The chef had prepared an abundance of delicious dishes, and Aunt Hua had even borrowed a stove to whip up some home-cooked meals for her son.

Once everyone had arrived, Gan Lanlan witnessed big, burly men, freshly washed yet still a bit grimy, sitting up straight, their eyes glancing longingly at the table full of food! 

A quick sneak peek and then looking away! Another glance… it was truly adorable!

Wang Pang stood up holding the rice wine, ready to deliver a welcoming speech, but someone else spoke up first.

Thus, he sat back down, half-raising his hefty backside…

Another day of being usurped without complaint!

As the leader of the base, Gan Lanlan didn’t waste time with excessive chatter: "Everyone, let’s eat first. We can discuss any matters after filling our bellies."

So Wang Pang was on board once again! There’s nothing that food can’t solve! 

He swiftly reached for the celery and pork dumplings. Even though the base wasn’t lacking in food, such a feast was a rare occasion indeed!

Hua Ze hadn’t expected that this base was run by a little girl; he paused for a moment.

By the time he regained his senses, his bowl was already overflowing thanks to Aunt Hua!

He picked up a piece of braised pork and stuffed it into his mouth. "Still the same taste. Delicious!"

Aunt Hua beamed with a broad smile and continued to pile food onto her son’s plate, almost worried he wouldn't be full enough: "If it’s delicious, eat more! If it’s not enough, Mom will cook more for you!"

At the same time, she turned to care for her son’s comrades: "You guys, don’t just sit there, eat up!" 

Seeing their captain eating, even though they felt a bit strange about the base, they figured it was better to be full than to starve!

Ah, this braised pork is splendid, tender and sweet, rich but not greasy!
Wow, these pork dumplings are so flavorful; the skin is thin and chewy, the meat delicious!
Look at that fish head, so fresh! The soup can make two big bowls of rice!
Wow, this chicken soup is simply mouth-watering!
Oh, there are even these tender greens!
Ha! These big steamed buns get tastier the more you chew!
Argh, even the rice smells phenomenal!

…
They thought to themselves, this meal definitely can rival a grand feast. 

No, it’s even better than a grand banquet!

A whirlwind of eating saw not a drop of soup left in the bowls.

Looking around the table, all that remained were shining, empty plates.

During the meal, they declined drinks, but Gan Lanlan noticed a guy nicknamed "Old Ghost" with eyes glued to the rice wine, eager but restrained by the rules.

Gan Lanlan exchanged a glance with Wang Pang, and he nodded knowingly:

"Don’t worry, Leader, I’ve got this covered!"

Dessert fruits were abundant, yet they each only cautiously took one.

In the end, it was thanks to Wang Pang's skillful persuasion that everyone left with a bottle of homemade rice wine and a piece of fruit.

Additionally, a special local treat: chopped pieces of sugarcane… according to Wang Pang.

The captain returned home, while they followed Wang Pang to explore the base, then headed back to the guesthouse to rest.

Although they had comfortable single rooms, they opted for a double room so that one could guard while the other rested!

Others lay down on the nice beds, the first time doubting whether they really were in an apocalyptic world!

That night, they were especially grateful for not letting their guard down.

While Hua Ze lay in his new room, daydreaming, and the watchful teammate kept an eye out, they heard the distant growling of zombies from outside, and judging by their moans, there were quite a few!

Immediately, they woke the others and gathered to regroup with Captain Hua. 

When they arrived, they discovered a few scattered zombies at the perimeter.

However, it was clear that the base was well-prepared; the ability users were already battling the zombies.

Guan He Ping returned with his team and didn’t seem surprised to see Hua Ze!

"You guys were woken up by the zombies, huh? Lately, we have seen a few zombies wandering around; our patrol team had already noticed and is handling it!"

Chatty Qiangzi chimed in: "Uncle Guan, I just want to ask, why don’t you build a wall? No matter how many patrol teams you have, it's impossible to guard against zombies. Isn’t it better to be secure?"

"Well, we’ve tried building some earth walls, but they don’t really hold up against zombies. Plus, the base has been expanding; we lack manpower and skills, it’s better just to take them out directly."

Qiangzi and the others were somewhat at a loss for words.

Today they realized that this base had a higher proportion of ordinary people compared to others; they hadn’t seen this many elderly and children at other bases.

Moreover, they had spotted the "Man-eater" team of starved zombies locked up near the entrance of the community, meaning this base’s strength wasn’t weak.

Still, it didn’t make sense to let zombies roam around unchecked. After all, they had just had a feast.

"Uncle Guan, we’ll help too!" 

"Go ahead! Just be careful, if you can't handle them, fall back to the base; it's safe there!"

"…"

The next morning, although the canteen wasn't as sumptuous as the previous day, it was still quite good. 

With a mixture of meat and vegetables, plus milk and soy milk, it was a fantastic meal even before the apocalypse!

Hua Cang and the others got up early to train, and ended up being swept up by the energetic Guan Xin, who called it a “base tour.”

The agricultural area, the orchard, the livestock zone… 

Of course, there was also the "special product" sugarcane area.

"Don’t underestimate this sugarcane! It’s actually the treasure of our base!" 

Qiangzi felt exasperated: "What's so precious about sugarcane? It’s for eating, right? Oh, and it can make sugar."

"That's only knowing one part and not the other. Eating is just the basics. Our sugarcane is powerful! As soon as the base leaders give the order, it's more than capable of defending against zombies. Do you see those folks locked up at the entrance? Even third-level abilities can’t break out!"

"Is it really that impressive?"

"Absolutely! Like I said, this is our base's biggest treasure!"

"Sugarcane is a treasure? How did that happen? Do you have some scientific genius amongst you?" 

"That’s a secret! We don’t have a scientific genius, haha! Let’s keep touring; I’ll be on patrol again soon!" 

Seeing that Guan Xin didn’t want to elaborate, they didn’t pry further.

This base had its secrets, and everyone tacitly understood not to inquire more. It was a principle they respected!