I'm feeling a bit tired; I think I'll sleep now.
【It's been less than a year! Cough, cough...】
【Lanlan!】 Sisi is so worried!
【It's fine, I saw this coming a long time ago!】
Looking out the window at the base she had built from scratch, she felt a mix of satisfaction and bitterness. 
Since that time when she had used all her strength to fend off disaster, forcibly holding the base together even when her body was failing, her vitality had been greatly depleted, leading to her increasingly frail condition. 
This was irreversible, even with the most advanced medical resources available. 
Dr. Hua had been helping her with her health and providing comfort, telling her to take it slow and not rush. 
But she knew that her overexerted body was beyond saving. 
Even after consulting with Dr. Zhong and searching the entire Star Network, Sisi was unable to find a cure for her. 
Indeed, Gan Lanlan’s body was at its limit! 
Sigh, the tail-headed truck really lives up to its name! She laughed bitterly!
Now her only task was to arrange the future of the entire base in the limited time she had left.
Recently, she had been planning, knowing that her time was short! 
She hoped a year would be enough! 
Under the desk lamp, her notebook was filled with tight handwriting, crossed out and revised multiple times, leaving only a few phrases behind:
【1. Relocate the base. Thanks to the protective system, the sugarcane base is slowly moving closer to the main camp of Dr. Zhong and his team in Huaguo. No matter what happens in the future, Dr. Zhong will be able to provide some protection.】
【2. Increase food production. No one can protect anyone for a lifetime; one’s own capabilities are the greatest assurance. At present, the base has many talented individuals, achieving self-sufficiency and even exporting goods.】
【3. Pay off debts and fulfill contracts. Although she had complained, she understood that the system had always been guarding the Earth. Now she owed a significant amount of debt, and if she didn’t pay it off, it would fall on the sugarcane base, which wouldn’t be good!】
Fortunately, after communicating with the Star Network, as long as they could produce a large amount of food, they could offset the debt. 
Even if she was no longer there in the future... the base could still maintain its existing functions! As for updates, that could be neglected.
However, even with the old system, they could ensure stability for at least ten years, provided everyone worked hard and followed the previous exchange methods with the system.
After ten years, Dr. Zhong's research on the "Practical Survival Manual for the Apocalypse" should allow everyone to live well.
As for herself, over the years, she had many doubts.
Like many people, she felt lost in life; she never knew where she came from, but she knew she would eventually return to eternal rest.
She had no idea where this system had come from or why it had chosen her in the beginning.
Every time she witnessed disaster ravaging the world, she wanted to ask the system what was wrong with it?
Is it meaningful to survive so hard?
…
There were too many questions, but now, life didn’t even give her a chance to ask!
Now, with this final bit of time, let me do something for this world!
*
“Lan, you can’t sleep! Please, don’t sleep! ... Blood, why is there so much blood!”
While helping Gan Lanlan up, Sisi anxiously called out:
“Uncle Hua, come quickly! Lan has passed out and keeps vomiting blood, and we can't stop it!”
“Let me take a look!”
Fortunately, everyone had been taking turns by her side lately, and Dr. Hua quickly entered the room.
“Uncle Hua, what’s going on?”
“Alas~” Dr. Hua shook his head.
“I’ve done all I can, and the specialists sent by Dr. Zhong have also understood the situation, but... there’s nothing we can do.”
Team Hua frowned as he looked at Gan Lanlan lying on the bed, her complexion pale: “Dad, really no way out?”
Dr. Hua shook his head:
“It’s likely due to that time when she used up her life force to fend off the meteorite, blocking that fatal blow for the base. Her depleted life cannot be regained. So now, even if Hua Tuo were alive, it would be futile.”
“Uncle Hua, is there really no way? Lan used her life to save us! Can I... can I give her my life? I’ll trade my life for hers!”
“Dad, use mine!”
“Dr. Hua, use my life...”
“I also have life abilities; can it be used for hers?”
“I do too…”
“Enough! This won’t work! We’ve tried every method; we’ve tried all abilities... Do you think I don’t want to save Lan? But it's useless!”
“...”
“What can we do then?”
The only answer was a deep sigh!
Gan Lanlan had less and less time of consciousness left; her mind conjured a myriad of images:
From when she arrived in this world alone, beginning her partnership with Sisi;
To setting up the first container house;
To meeting Uncle Guan and his son and Dr. Hua's family, gradually building her own group;
To establishing the Sugarcane Community, where people began to show smiles they hadn’t in a long time;
To the last battle against the "man-eating monster," initiating contact with the outside world;
To constructing a vast road network, connecting the world;
To facing the meteorite, guarding the base;
Right up to the final struggle beneath the ice cap...
Countless faces flashed before her; she tried to reach out to grab them but grasped nothing! 
A buzzing sound filled her ears; she seemed to hear many voices: Dr. Hua, Guan Xin, Uncle Guan, Team Hua, Dr. Zhong…
She desperately tried to open her eyes, but her eyelids felt as heavy as meteorites and wouldn’t budge!
From time to time, she felt as though she was expelling something?
Is it blood? Blood?
Who would have thought she would also have a day of vomiting blood!
Feeling her consciousness drift further away!
【Waaah, waah…】
【Sisi, am I dying?】
【Lanlan, I’m so sorry, I can’t save you; I’m useless!】
【Sisi, it’s not your fault! If anyone should apologize, it should be me. Perhaps you will disappear with me!】
【No, Lanlan, I want to follow you. Without you, I would disappear too! I will accompany you… wherever you go, I will follow.】
【Okay, then let’s take a little rest together!】
【Waaah…】
【Sisi, I’m a bit tired; I want to sleep for a while!】
【Waaah~ yes, sleep, Lanlan; I’ll sleep with you. Have sweet dreams!... I hope that when you wake up, there will be many people who cherish and love you! And remember, I will always love you!】
That day, the Sugarcane Base was unable to keep its leader.
Yet this "Sugarcane Base," which had been criticized countless times, was immortalized in history during the ice apocalypse, becoming a significant chapter in history.
According to future historical records, when the base leader lost her breath that day, as people prepared to seal her away forever, her body transformed into a pile of glowing mini sugarcanes, dissipating into the air.
It is said that the two influential figures of the era, the Hua-guan duo, tried hard to seize her but ultimately failed. In the end, only a small notebook remained on her bed.
【To all my friends: Thank you for your care in this lifetime!】
【Don’t be sad; I appreciate your support and tolerance all along. Even knowing my identity is suspicious, you never pried into my matters! Now, I just need to return to where I belong!】
【Guan Xin: My spatial power is in the watch; I’ve transferred the permissions to you. You will make good use of it, right? Sorry for placing such heavy responsibilities on you; you might not be as happy as you are now anymore! And thank you, you are the joy of the group! Please don’t cry~ if you do, only three minutes are allowed—no more!~】
【Team Hua: I hope you will take care of our base! I believe you can protect it and everyone better than I could! Thank you for your protection; having you around makes me feel safe! If Guan Xin cries too long, please give him a good beating to wake him up, but be gentle! ~】
【Uncle Guan, Dr. Hua: Thank you both for your care all this time; I truly have to go now. Please take care of yourselves and stay healthy!】
【Dr. Zhong: You are the person I admire most; I’m sorry to leave first! Please take good care of yourself; your existence is more important than any resource!】
【……】
【Everyone, thank you for your company! Please don’t worry; we shall meet again if fate allows, take care!】