**Death is like a candle flickering out, and cultivating immortality is no different.**

“Ah? Can I not go? Staying at the mountain gate is quite nice!” 

Having experienced an apocalyptic dream, 甘岚岚 (Glan Lan) believes that peace and safety are blessings. As long as there is food, drink, and health, she has no further aspirations.

“…” This little disciple/younger sister is far too mellow!

Even Master Qingyang has to remind his little disciple: 
“Glan, the road to immortality is one you must walk alone. If you keep lingering in one place, your cultivation will hardly progress.”

“But Master, didn’t you say two days ago that with my current strength, I could easily defeat my senior brother? Am I not progressing fast enough?”

“Um… well…” 

The master can’t very well lie with his eyes wide open! This little disciple indeed has extraordinary talent! Her control over spells is exceptional!

With just a piece of sugarcane, she can unleash a tide of power. Her strange ideas are often unexpected, leaving even her senior brother at a loss.

Fortunately, the sect is friendly; her fellow disciples are also not particularly ambitious, ahem! 

Usually, they eat and drink as they please. As her master, he’s quite helpless about it. 

“Ahem, because of this, Glan, you should venture out more! The sect competition occurs every three years, gathering heroes from all around. There’s bound to be something to gain from attending.”

Wen Gu quickly adds: 
“Little sister, you should join this competition! I’ve observed your strength is strong, but you lack practical combat experience. It’s time to practice with other cultivators.”

As the only one in the sect who has sparred with the younger sister, Wen Gu finds her ideas unique and her spell application varied. However, she tends to hit things with a stick, which is… a bit uncouth. 

But their little sister is always so busy, ahem, it takes a lot of time just to cook!

And one can't simply send her to the Sword Mountain to learn a few moves, so what to do? 

She can only spar with her thick-skinned elder brother, which might lead to some revelations.

If you ask why only he has sparred with her, it’s because no one else in the sect can fight! Not a single one!

“Yes, little sister, don’t you have enemies? They’re just ordinary bandits, but they’ve spilled blood. Of course, you needn’t fear; we’re all going, so we can help you take revenge.”

“Hmm!” No matter what, taking revenge is something 甘岚岚 must do. 

“And, and, I heard there’s a treasure! I’m certainly going for that.” 

“Treasure?” 

“It’s said to be a previously unseen magical beast! Many powerful beings have tried to catch it and failed; it’s quite strong! Numerous immortals want to capture it, let’s go and try, too!”

Seeing the masters display the “if you don’t go, we’ll drag you” attitude, what can she do? 

“Fine, then I’ll go!”

“I knew you’d come through, little sister.” 

“However, I still want to ask, what level of cultivation am I at? General, Opening the Valley? Foundation Building? Gold Core? Nascent Soul? Is that how it’s classified?” 

Wen Gu, hearing this, can't help but frown: 
“Little sister, where did you hear that? There indeed is such terminology for Opening the Valley, but as for Foundation Building, Gold Core, and the like, other sects may classify it that way, but…”

“But what?” 

“But, for us, Opening the Valley simply means we have joined the sect and no longer need to experience the cycles of mundane grains like ordinary people! However, the Lushan Sect does not categorize cultivation this way.”

“If we don’t classify it, how do we know each other’s strength during the competition?” 

“This question is easy!” 

With Lin Yu enthusiastic and eager to try, the kind senior brother gestures: 
“Then Yu, you can explain!”

“Sure! Actually, those classifications are based on assessments of strength. Tested through the testing stones, but the stones have their limitations—they can only measure up to the Nascent Soul level.” 

“And what about us? Don’t we need testing?” 

“You’ve learned about our founding ancestor—Master Lan Feng—before! Master Lan always believed the path of cultivation is limitless. If we were to classify strength through such tests, it would not only be unhelpful but also limit everyone’s development. Hence, Lushan Sect has never embraced such classifications. The world says the Lushan Sect is the preeminent sect in the realm of cultivation, which is because they cannot grasp our disciples' true strengths.”

Understood, it's somewhat similar to a universal classification based on exam results.

But, in reality, many true experts do not require exams to prove themselves.

Perhaps the Lushan Sect is composed entirely of untraceable warriors! It’s precisely due to their elusiveness that they are harder to surpass!

“So we won’t classify?” 

“Follow your fate! If you wish to test your strength, older brother will take you for a test! If not, just follow your own cultivation path.” 

“... In that case, it’s unnecessary!” 

“Ahem, so generally speaking, do those who reach the peak of cultivation ascend to the higher realms? And after they ascend, can they occasionally return to the lower realms to guide their descendants or sects?” 

After all, that’s how it’s written in cultivation novels! 

“Haha, little sister you are adorable! There is no highest level of cultivation; the upper limit of cultivators is infinite! If one truly cannot progress any further, it's as if they’re just ordinary people, experiencing life, aging, and death!” 

Seeing the surprised expression on the younger sister’s face, Wen Gu decides to elaborate so she doesn't take a wrong path: 
“As for ascending, other sects may have such beliefs, but we at Lushan do not! Death is like a candle flickering out, and cultivating immortality is the same! Do not be misled into straying down dark paths, walking the ways of demons and monsters. Remember! So, little sister, don’t think that entering the path of immortality means there are no restrictions! Before the natural laws of the heavenly path, immortals and mortals are the same!”

Indeed, this is not a fictional world; she had become somewhat fixated on the idea! 

“Hmm, thank you, senior brother for the teachings!” 

“Not at all, just cultivate seriously. As for your strength, you need not worry! Defeating the senior brother is not luck; it’s your true strength!” 

Lin Yu expresses, “Exactly, little sister, you are indeed strong, no doubt about it!” 

With that, it feels like they are just having fun, his hand resting on 甘岚岚’s (Glan Lan) shoulder. 

“Ouch, sister, why are you hitting me?” 

“Little sister is a girl; take your claws away!” 

“It’s just a habit!” 

Lin Yu feels wronged but dares only to touch gently; “Ouch!” 

On Wanzhi Mountain, there’s a calm atmosphere, and Master Qingyang looks at the children, feeling both helpless and delighted. 

Well, they’ll eventually have to leave this safe haven and face a broader world. 

*

It wasn’t until she boarded the flying ship that 甘岚岚 (Glan Lan) realized just how vast Lushan Sect truly was!

Although the competition was called the Lushan Sect competition, the location was quite distant—a full day’s travel by flying ship.

For the first time riding on a flying ship, she felt it was more stable than an airplane, without turbulence caused by air currents. 

With a protective shield in place, 甘岚岚 could lean against the ship, gazing down at the ground. 

Unlike the modern world filled with towering skyscrapers, it was mostly mountains, rivers, and lush greens, creating a unique charm.

Watching 甘岚岚 filled with curiosity, the four disciples finally regained their dignity as her masters/older siblings.

After all, this child usually acts far too composed, to put it bluntly… she’s too laid-back, caring about nothing other than eating and drinking! 

They could only chuckle and watch the lively scene unfold! 

But after looking for a while, 甘岚岚 found that everything looked quite uniform, with occasional immortal cultivators flying past on swords, watching for long grew boring, so lying back seemed much better! 

Once they arrived at the grand competition venue, they were guided by someone, and the five of them settled into a small courtyard. 

“Senior brothers and sisters, little sister, want to go out and explore?” 

“Since we’re here, you should take your little sister out for a good look around!” 

*

Meanwhile, a completely snow-white little beast had snuck into Wanzhi Mountain from who knows where. It dashed around like lightning until it spotted the sugarcane fields and its eyes lit up.

*Crunch**Crunch*…
 
It bit off a piece of sugarcane and took a bite; in the darkness, the little beast’s eyes emitted a faint green glow…