**Title: Seeking Nan Hua Immortal Lord**

The three of them—Master Qingyang, Wengu, and Lin Yu—appeared back in their original spot, looking surprised.

"What’s going on? Were you three unable to get in?" 

“It shouldn’t be! As soon as we stepped inside, there was some force that pushed us out,” Master Qingyang replied, puzzled.

Wengu and Lin Yu remained undaunted, attempting again to enter, but were similarly rejected.

Undeterred, they tried once more, and once more... 

Yet they continued to be rebuffed, unable to gain entry.

Just as Lin Yu was about to try again, Wengu grabbed her arm.

He glanced at Lin Yu, who was still intent on trying: “The disciples are having the same issue. We tried several times and still got thrown out! It seems there’s an internal restriction that prevents us from entering and exiting.”

“Could it be that only women are allowed inside this barrier?” 

“…”

Concerned for his sister and junior sister, Wengu found himself unusually anxious: 

“May I ask, Master, aside from Nan Hua Immortal Lord, are there any others here? Or is there some danger present?” 

“Indeed, Master, my senior sister and junior sister are already inside; is it very dangerous in there?” 

“Do not worry, my dear disciples. This is our Lanshan Sect; the ancestors have set numerous protections here, and nothing that can harm lives will enter.” 

Nothing that can kill, but can still injure? 

Master Qingyang frowned. If it were just him, he wouldn't be too concerned, but now two young disciples were in danger: 

“Master, Leader, are you certain that the Nan Hua Immortal Lord is really here? Has anyone seen him personally?” 

Given the circumstances, even if it felt embarrassing, they had to be honest: 

“We indeed laid eyes on Nan Hua Immortal Lord! Qingyang, you know well that the world outside is in chaos. If we do not find the Nan Hua Immortal Lord to take charge soon, the immortal world will be in peril.” 

“Since you've seen him, why not directly inform the Immortal Lord of the situation and ask him to come out?” 

“Alas, we wished it could be that simple! We searched for quite some time and, following a faint hint left by Nan Hua Immortal Lord, we arrived here! We tried various methods and couldn't enter. It was only with the natural power of the elder Fanghua that we managed to pass through this wall. By following the light of the hint, we indeed found the trapped Nan Hua Immortal Lord! But…” 

“But what?” 

They were eager to know, as the two youngsters were unaware of the potential dangers ahead! 

“Regrettably, we were saved by the Immortal Lord.” 

Upon hearing this, Master Qingyang felt even tenser: 

“Is this place very dangerous? Even the Immortal Lord is trapped; does that mean a formidable being has confined him?” 

“This… To be honest, we only saw the Immortal Lord bound by green vines. If the Immortal Lord hadn't acted to break free, we wouldn’t have even glimpsed his true form! We intended to rescue him, but those creeping vines were exceedingly powerful. We were caught instead... Fortunately, the Immortal Lord distracted the vines, allowing us to escape.” 

“Yes! We have no natural power, and techniques involving water, fire, or lightning were utterly ineffective against those vines. It seemed that the Immortal Lord had been asleep, and it was the natural power that awakened him. We speculate that the Immortal Lord is not of the natural power domain, thus he became trapped here! Hence, we sought you out, hoping for some assistance.” 

Even Lin Yu was getting anxious now, not caring about hierarchy: 

“How could such an impressive Nan Hua Immortal Lord be trapped? My senior sister and junior sister have gone in; could it not be even more dangerous for them?” 

Master Xuanqing surprisingly fell silent for a moment, but still insisted: 

“With the Immortal Lord present, he would never allow disciples of the sect to be harmed. Besides, they have retreat tokens. If they find themselves in danger, they can shatter those tokens to escape safely. Let’s wait and see.” 

Lin Yu was frustrated and nearly swore: “You just—” 

Fortunately, Wengu kept his cool and intervened in time: “Yuer, no disrespect!” 

Master Qingyang felt resigned. Under these circumstances, all he could do was hope that the two youngsters would have the chance to shatter their retreat tokens! 

“If that is the case, A’gu, Yuer, let’s hold off for now! We need to think of other ways.” 

*

“Junior sister, are you alright?” 

“Senior sister, I’m fine!” 

“That’s good, but it’s so dark here! The spirit lantern seems ineffective.” 

“My nightlight stone is useless too! Master, Senior Brother, are you guys there?” 

She tightened her hold on Wengu’s hand, gripping the sword that Master gave her with her other hand! 

After all, a sword is much sharper than a piece of sugarcane. 

Unfortunately, aside from their voices, the cave was silent except for a faint breeze. 

“Senior sister, it seems Master and the others aren’t here.” 

“Hmm, don’t be afraid!” 

After pondering for a moment, to ease her junior sister’s possible fear in this unfamiliar situation, she reassured her: 

“When I previously accompanied my brother and the others on a secret realm adventure, though the entrance was the same, it could appear in different locations within the realm. So, Master and the others might have gone somewhere else! Don’t fret; they will surely look for us!” 

“Mm!” 

However, “Senior sister, don’t you think the ground feels strange? It doesn’t feel like soil or stone slabs.” 

“Hmm, it does seem uneven and a bit rough. Junior sister, listen, what’s that sound?” 

The two halted, straining to sense their surroundings. 

“Cihuo, let me out!” Cihuo called from the beast summoning space. 

After a moment's thought, considering the potential danger, she decided to let Cihuo out. 

With a sudden weight on her shoulder, a glow emerged. 

“Junior sister, this…” 

Whether to admire that her junior sister’s small pet could emit light or to marvel at the sight before them, she softly explained: “Cihuo… is quite special!” 

Though, normally, beasts wouldn’t glow like fireflies! 

Cihuo's exterior resembled a small, unknown creature that Master claimed to have never encountered before! 

But seeing that the small beast showed no aggression, they chose not to take away her junior sister's innocent affection for keeping a pet. 

“Still, senior sister, it seems we’re surrounded by vines!” 

No wonder the ground felt uneven; they were stepping on a mass of creeping vines. 

While Cihuo wasn’t exactly a flashlight, it still managed to illuminate parts of the space. 

They could see the vines forming a path, the end of which was cloaked in darkness—no one knew what lay ahead! 

Looking up, countless vines appeared chaotic yet closely entwined, completely dominating the entire space. 

Feeling resolved, the two young women understood they had to keep moving forward since they were on a mission to find someone. 

“Junior sister, let’s step forward and see!” 

“Alright!” 

They walked for an undetermined time until: 

“Senior sister, it seems like there’s no path ahead.” 

The ground felt like a sudden cliff, and surveying the surroundings, it remained pitch black! 

The only light was from the circle that Cihuo provided. 

“Junior sister, what do we do now?” 

[Cihuo, can you fly? Can you see a bit further?] 

After all, earlier it had darted into her embrace rapidly. 

[Yes, yes! I can fly over to take a look! There’s fresh spiritual energy here, and I sense no danger.] 

[Still, be cautious!] 

[Don’t worry, I’m safe.] 

“Senior sister, I’ll let Cihuo check it out!” 

As soon as she spoke, Cihuo took off, glowing like a firefly as it soared ahead, despite being small, it was the only light in the space. 

Fortunately, it was only a little while before Cihuo returned. 

According to its scouting report, the entire space was intertwined with vines, culminating in a central vine ball that could ensnare a person. 

“Then this suggests that what Master and the Leader said was correct; Nan Hua Immortal Lord may be trapped in this vine ball. Junior sister, what do you think?” 

“It seems the only option is…”