**The Legendary "Master's Charm"**

However, before they could finalize their discussions, Lord Nan Hua had already taken care of everything!

One must admit, the efficiency of a celestial being is impressive! After all, he holds a unique "imperial position" in the realm of cultivation!

Not high, but like a "Grand Emperor"!

Watching Ganna Lanlan wandering alone in the village... in reality, her senior brothers had gone to discuss the moving arrangements with the village chief, and they found her presence bothersome:

"Little Junior Sister, there's no need for you here; why not go play outside?"

Of course, they wouldn't mention that the celestial lord was keeping an eye on them nearby... Little Junior Sister, it’s been a long, long time!

If they didn’t let the child go outside soon, the celestial lord might have given them a deadly glare!

Feeling her senior brothers' disdain, Ganna Lanlan had no choice but to obediently "go play."

Everyone in the village was busy packing up for the move, and she really couldn’t be of any help! Feeling a bit bored, she decided to sit by the river, resting her chin on her hands... daydreaming!

"The Lianshan Sect is already aware of this matter; someone from Nan City has been dispatched to gather evidence. Tomorrow, they will send a ship to take the people."

Hearing Lord Nan Hua's voice, she realized that a celestial being was standing right behind her!

Nevertheless, the celestial lord was indeed reliable. After all, this issue arose because of her, so she quickly stood up to express her gratitude: "Thank you, Lord."

The initial purpose was to investigate the situation of the zombies in Weiba Village, although the outcome was different from what she had imagined. He was undoubtedly also a product of the "experiment," and the specifics were long lost to time.

But being able to help Monster Village and do something for the elderly who had suffered their whole lives, she felt that this trip was worth it.

Moreover, with Lord Nan Hua taking action, it was convenient and efficient, wasn't it?!

"There's no need for thanks! Just," he deliberately paused, "try not to always think about stealing clay figurines!"

"Um~" But that was my clay figurine!

“Now it’s my clay figurine!”

“……” If it weren't for the fact that you’re a celestial lord, we’d still have unfinished business over that clay figurine!

"And besides, don't you already have one?"

“……” Unfortunately, that’s yours, not mine!

Giggling softly, he didn’t want to crush the spirits of this gloomy child:

"Is there anything else you're confused about regarding this place?"

"Not really… well, maybe! Lord, you’ve traveled widely, have you ever seen someone like the children of Weiba Village—those with dark green skin and bulging white eyes?"

"Of course! The world is full of wonders; coincidentally, I have been to such wondrous places!"

"Oh!" With some disappointment, she turned her gaze to the river. She hadn’t expected the celestial lord to be one who flouted the land and boasted!

Seeing the child’s disbelief, Lord Nan Hua bent down and whispered two words in her ear:

“Zombie.”

Ganna Lanlan turned her head in shock, "What?"

Seeing the child wide-eyed and staring at him, Nan Hua chuckled softly.

Thinking that today’s reminder was sufficient, he didn't want to frighten her away!

Feeling a fluctuation of spiritual energy in the heavens, he straightened up and ruffled Ganna Lanlan’s hair:

"Let’s go. If there are any matters, we can talk about them back at the sect!"

"Huh, what do you mean?..." Don’t leave me hanging!

With a wave of his hand, the celestial lord vanished in an instant!

Just then, Lin Yu came running over, excitedly shouting:

"Little Junior Sister, get ready; our ship from the sect is here to take us away!"

"Oh! By the way, Little Senior Brother, may I ask you something?"

"What is it? Don’t hesitate! There’s no need to be polite with me, Little Junior Sister!"

"Have you... heard of 'zombie'?"

"Of course, I’ve heard!"

Looking at his shocked little sister, Lin Yu instinctively felt… he shouldn’t speak too loudly! Otherwise, he might frighten her!

So he lowered his voice and asked softly:

"What’s wrong, Little Junior Sister? Did you… lose something? I can help you look for it!"

Uh! This was all too confusing for Ganna Lanlan!

She quickly waved her hands: "No, no, I’m not talking about that 'lose'."

Did she just mishear? Was Lord Nan Hua saying "lost" instead of "zombie"?

"What is it then?"

"It’s nothing!" She glanced at the ship landing in the distance. "The ship is coming; let’s go!"

“Oh yes yes yes! Let’s hurry; I’ve really missed our ‘Scent of Flavor’!”

"Is that so? Then I’ll make something delicious for you when we get back!"

"Hehe, Little Junior Sister is the best! Most of the food on the trip ended up in the celestial lord's belly; I barely got to eat enough!"

"Who told you to give it all to him!"

"Isn’t he my idol? Hehehe! Once we get back, I’m going to eat my fill! Little Junior Sister, I want braised pork, fried drumsticks, spicy crawfish, and chicken soup! Oh, and roasted whole lamb, and... no leafy greens!"

"Okay, okay, I’ll make all of it!"

No leafy greens? 

Well, then sautéed onions with spirit eggs, tomatoes with spirit eggs, baby bok choy in broth, sautéed spirit corn with peas and potatoes, and stir-fried spirit lotus roots… Little Senior Brother’s personalized meal, done!

*

"Finally back! The sect is the best!"

Standing at the entrance of ‘Scent of Flavor’, feeling relaxed after returning to the familiar place, all the senior and junior disciples visibly eased up!

"Welcome back!"

Seeing Master Qing Yang come out of the hall with a smile, they were all quite surprised...

After all, usually when they returned from their trips, their Master was never home!

"Master!"

"Master!"

"Master!"

Upon seeing all four disciples return safely, Master Qing Yang stroked his now longer beard:

"Good, good, good! As long as you’re back!"

He raised an eyebrow and shifted his tone:

"I’ve heard that you’ve done something ‘big’. When there's something, you don't even seek your Master for guidance? Instead, you go to Lord Nan Hua?"

Master Qing Yang felt distressed: his pupils were seeking help from outsiders rather than him! Even if it's a celebrity, that’s unacceptable!

His disciples better cheer him up!

Wen Gu quickly remedied the situation: "Master, we happened to run into Lord Nan Hua and traveled together. The matter of Monster Village was something we initially planned to seek your help with, but since the celestial lord was with us and understood the situation better, he took action. We didn’t want to bother you."

So it’s not that we didn’t seek you out; it’s just that “the early bird catches the worm”!

Lin Yu hurriedly stood behind Master Qing Yang, giving him a shoulder massage:

"That's right, Master! Our first thought was of you, but with the restriction of our cultivation, it was difficult to contact you!"

Speaking, he took out a handful of vividly colored plants from his spatial pocket! Ganna Lanlan was sure that they were casually plucked from the forest in Monster Village!

"Look, these are new spirit plants I found on the way back. I brought them for you. I’m a dutiful disciple!"

"Hmph!"

Wen Gu somehow also had two small gift boxes! Ganna Lanlan also recognized those from the night market in Fan City, a gift the shopkeeper had given when Big Senior Brother bought a jade pendant!

"Master, some new tea I specially picked out according to your taste."

"Hmph!"

Wen Zhi pulled out two jars of wine from his spatial pocket! Ganna Lanlan remembered that the Senior Sister had casually bought these!

"Master, I found some good wine on the way and bought it for you!"

"Hmph!"

Having hmphed, he glared sideways at his little disciples!

Ganna Lanlan... she clearly had never seen such a scene! She had only bought a clay figurine that day and hadn’t even received her own! She couldn't just gift the "Clay Figurine Celestial"!

But seeing her senior brothers and sisters react this way, it was evident that their "Master's Charm" skill was honed to perfection!

However!!!

Couldn’t you all at least consider your poor little junior sister?! She didn’t prepare anything at all! o(╥﹏╥)o

Why does it feel like her Master is harder to please than Lord Nan Hua! He truly knows how to leverage his position!

Feeling small, pitiful, and helpless, she could only timidly suggest:

"... How about this, Master! I’ll cook a reunion dinner? I guarantee it’ll be filled with things you like!"

Since you and Little Senior Brother both love meat, this meal will be all about meat!

He looked at his little disciple for a long time, stroking his beard, and just as Ganna Lanlan felt ready to "repent" and buy gifts, he finally nodded with restraint:

"Then, that would be excellent!"

Inspecting his little disciple, he figured she wasn’t too tired from the trip and should be fine cooking dinner!

He wasn't like the oppressive "landlord" Master, but rather, it was because he had taught well, and each disciple was more dutiful than the last!

Turning around, he went back into 'Scent of Flavor'... and sat down in the dining room, ready to eat!

"Ah... thankfully, I passed! I nearly went down the mountain to buy wine!"

"Junior Sister, don't worry! Master won’t blame you!"

With a plaintive look at her senior brothers and sisters: "Senior Sister, why didn't you remind me?" They’d all gotten gifts for Master!

"Cough cough, I forgot!"

Big Senior Brother, how can you calmly say "I forgot"! I see you all just wanted to watch me make a fool of myself!

Wen Zhi smiled and helped Ganna Lanlan untangle her messy hair:

"Master is easy to please; you’ll definitely be fine, Junior Sister!"

Wow, thank you for the confidence boost, Senior Sister!

Looking at the neatly arranged ingredients in the kitchen, she could only think: 

Master, you really have it “hard”!

Currently, Ganna Lanlan’s feelings were like returning home for the holidays, thinking she’d be welcomed with a meal cooked by her parents!

Instead, upon entering, her parents smiled and said:

“The dishes are all prepared; you go cook in the kitchen! Mom is going dancing / Dad is going to play cards.”

...

Ganna Lanlan declared that she learned her lesson this time: next time she goes out, she’d better remember to bring home some local specialties!

No, in fact, she might as well not go out anymore! Staying home is the real YYDS!

Of course, in the current situation? 

Her Master deserved to be pampered by her! 

In a flurry, she diligently prepared twenty dishes, only to find an unexpected guest had appeared in the dining room by the time she brought in the last fruit platter!