**To Understand the Powers of the Immortal Realm, Please Let Brother Explain**

Wen Gu poured himself a cup of tea and also filled a cup for his little junior sister before handing it to her. 

Taking the cup with both hands, she politely thanked him, "Thank you, Brother!"

"Mm. Speaking of the cultivation world, there are actually several powers. Our Lanshan Sect is just one of them, and it's the most special one!" 

Guan Lanlan took a sip of the tea, which was slightly bitter at first but had a sweet aftertaste. Good tea! Don’t ask her if she understands tea; anyway, whatever her senior brother brought out was bound to be fine!

Curiously, she asked, "How so?"

"Well, it’s a long story."

"…Then Brother, please focus on the important parts!" 

Wen Gu set down his tea cup, habitually opened his fan, and said, "What’s the rush!"

"No rush!" She smiled sweetly, acknowledging that the storyteller was him, and he called the shots!

"So about the powers, the cultivation world is actually similar to the mortal realm. There are powers that lean towards 'politics,' autonomous powers in the 'civilian' realm, and some special factions."

Noticing Wen Gu glance at his tea cup, Guan Lanlan understood and quickly poured him another cup. 

"Brother, wet your throat." 

"Mm! The first is 'Heavenly Court.' Their supreme leader is what you call the 'Heavenly Emperor.' They have an organizational structure similar to a mortal court, but these individuals are not very devoted to cultivation! They are generally more skilled at communication with other nations. For instance, matters concerning Nancheng that involve Japan and Western countries are best left to them for negotiation!" 

"Western countries?" 

She could roughly understand Japan since they shared an Eastern bloodline! However, she never expected the matter to involve the Western world as well. 

"Yes, besides our cultivation world, there are also immortals in the West. It is said that they mostly have blonde hair and blue eyes, with fairer skin, looking completely different from us! If you ever come across them, you should be able to recognize them easily! If there’s a chance, I would indeed like to meet them."

"Um…"

Just Westerners, huh? She didn’t expect that, though she should have; she just hadn’t seen many cultivation novels that broke the confines of the old East!

"The second is the Cultivation Alliance. You’ve seen the alliance leader, Master Fu Hua. The members of the Cultivation Alliance are rather complex; there are all kinds of people from different sects, but their strength cannot be underestimated."

As he spoke, he gently tapped Guan Lanlan's forehead with his fan, noting that she could sometimes be a bit too reckless! Of course, against someone like the South China Immortal Lord, she needed that edge!

However, he specifically reminded her, "Just be cautious with people from the Cultivation Alliance in the future." 

Rubbing the spot on her forehead where he poked her, she grumbled, "I know, Brother! And please don’t poke my forehead next time!" 

"Do you still want to hear?" 

She sat upright, obedient. "Yes." 

"The third is our Lanshan Sect. We don’t involve ourselves in politics or the disputes in the cultivation world. Everyone in the sect wholeheartedly cultivates, rarely coming down the mountain. Therefore, the Lanshan Sect holds a rather unique position in the cultivation world. Both the Heavenly Court and the Cultivation Alliance dare only to befriend us but not make enemies. Do you know why?" 

"Because…they can’t beat us?" 

After all, those who play politics can’t compare to those who specialize in cultivation! 

"…That’s not entirely wrong! Moreover, our Lanshan Sect has many 'hermits' who venture into the world: some hide within the Heavenly Court, others in the Cultivation Alliance, while some go directly into the mortal realm. Whenever someone from Lanshan Sect expresses a desire to enter the world, both the Heavenly Court and the Cultivation Alliance will fight to recruit them. So, little junior sister, you must never underestimate anyone when you’re out! Remember, anyone!" 

"I got it." 

"Speaking of Lanshan Sect, I must mention the South China Immortal Lord." 

"What about the Immortal Lord?" 

"The South China Immortal Lord is one of the founding ancestors of the Lanshan Sect, and his power cannot be underestimated. Whether it’s the Heavenly Emperor, the Cultivation Alliance leader, or even demons, all show him great respect!" 

Got it—be careful in daily interactions, especially with the Immortal Lord! He feared she might offend someone powerful one day and then wouldn’t know how to retreat! 

“Oh, I didn’t realize he was so powerful. I couldn’t tell at all! Haha, someone that strong even snatched my clay figurine!” 

She clapped her hands symbolically, two sharp claps indicating her respect. Not more than that! 

"……" 

Forget it! This little junior sister was impossible to reason with!

Anyway, it was the Immortal Lord who asked for it! Not his concern anymore! 

So, regarding the powers in the cultivation world, she summed it up in her own understanding:

"The Heavenly Court" is equivalent to the "royal court," mainly responsible for managing disputes between nations;  
The "Cultivation Alliance" is akin to the martial arts community, encompassing various sects, making it more challenging to navigate, primarily focusing on conflicts and grievances in the martial world;  
The Lanshan Sect might be equivalent to the Shaolin Temple? It doesn’t concern itself with worldly affairs but instead focuses fervently on cultivation, housing many skilled masters and a multitude of capable monks. The masters are highly sought after; once they step down from their duties, both the martial world and the court would scramble for them!

Thinking this way, the Lanshan Sect was indeed not to be trifled with! 

Oh, wait—she herself was a disciple of the Lanshan Sect! Others couldn’t offend her! 

With that thought, she straightened her back! 

"Finally, there are also demon cultivators. In places abundant with spiritual energy, there will always be miracles and opportunities where certain mystical animals can cultivate into immortals or even take human form. They are not fond of communicating with humans, while we have some connections with them, their encounters with us are quite rare. If you ever meet one in the world, it is best to avoid them." 

"Alright. But… I don’t want to go out for a while!" 

Seeing her little junior sister’s glum expression, he recalled that they hadn’t informed her of their master’s peculiarities, and it was their fault! 

Nonetheless, little junior sister always had an impression of being somewhat out of place since she joined the sect. 

This trip down the mountain, however, seemed to have changed her quite a bit! 

He rubbed her head, "Okay, just focus on your cultivation! I might need to enter seclusion soon!" 

"Huh?" 

"My senior sister and I found a lot during this trip, and though my cultivation had been stagnating for a while, it started to loosen up this time. Naturally, we need to enter seclusion." 

"Then does that mean senior sister is going home?" 

"Mm, it’s also because her parents are worried, so they sent Zhi back home to check on her progress. If her cultivation isn’t up to par, forcibly entering seclusion could be detrimental." 

"Then congratulations to you and senior sister!" 

Thinking of her talent, while others were working hard on cultivation, she could easily grow—it made her a bit envious, so she rubbed her head harder! 

"Not everyone possesses a gift like yours; you are truly favored by the heavens! Master even said you might not need to meditate in seclusion for your whole life." 

"Hehe, I told you, it’s because I saved the world in my previous life! Hahahaha!" If one were to consider the trials in the apocalyptic era, she did save the world. 

"But, Brother, how long will you be in seclusion?" 

"At least sixty years, maybe up to a hundred!" 

"……" Shock! Is that really how it is? 

"Ah, no, Brother! Are you joking?" 

You all are just over three hundred years old; casually entering seclusion means several changes in the human emperors! 

With a sigh, he gently rubbed his little junior sister’s head and secretly brushed back her tousled hair. 

"Our cultivation of spiritual energy differs from others; thus, our seclusion times are indeed longer. Yu’er currently shows no signs of loosening in his cultivation, so you’d best avoid him for now." 

"Um, normally speaking, if you all are entering seclusion, that leaves only little senior brother. Shouldn’t you let me follow little senior brother to study?" 

Casting her a sideways glance, "With Yu’er’s temperament, if he’s not getting into trouble, it’ll be a miracle. If you follow him, he might turn Lanshan Sect upside down!" 

"That’s true! But…" 

Seeing her little junior sister hesitating, Wen Gu was curious, "What? If you have something to ask, just go ahead; after all, once we’re in seclusion, you won’t see your brother for quite some time." 

"Then I have a question! How many times have you brothers and sisters entered seclusion?" 

Considering she saw her brothers and sisters as peers at times with their two- to three-hundred-year age, turns out it wasn't a misperception after all! 

Upon careful thought, if they frequently entered seclusion, their time spent in the world would be quite limited; hence, their childlike heart could be understood! 

After all, being in seclusion is akin to "eternal sleep," so the time they spend awake is probably only around ten years at most, maybe a few decades at most! 

Oh, little senior brother has probably only been awake for sixteen years! No more!

Wen Gu found it amusing, "Is that your question? Worth your hesitation?" 

So he replied with two words, "Guess!" 

"……" The most detested words ever, without exception!

"Also, regarding your daily interactions with the Immortal Lord, you…" 

"What about me? Is there anything to pay attention to?" 

"You can handle it yourself! After all, he will never harm you." 

"……" 

"Take care!" 

Touched, she found her brother the best, "Yes, Brother, you and senior sister take care too!" 

"Mm, when I come out, I hope you and Yu’er won't trouble me too much!" 

"……Not me! Little senior brother likes to cause havoc! I’m very well-behaved!" 

Wen Gu shook his head helplessly, hoping so!