**Refusal to Admit! Counter-defamation**

"To be precise, I entered the domain created by the Lan Mountain Sect's great trial."

Galen Lan was stunned; she had only heard that the great trial of the Lan Mountain Sect was a test of the heart. How come there was another 'domain' involved?

Without needing to ask, Lord Nanhua had already taken the initiative to explain.

"The domain is, in essence, created by the test-taker’s own thoughts. The apocalypse is the domain you created! I merely happened to pass by and participated in it."

"How is that possible? I'm just a person living in a peaceful era; how could I create an apocalypse?" It didn’t make sense!

Lord Nanhua shrugged slightly, helplessly saying, “... You should ask yourself, what were you thinking during the trial?”

"I..."

You probably wouldn't believe it—I’m also an outsider! In my past life, I was someone who didn't even dare to watch horror or zombie movies out of fear!

But what this world’s "Galen Lan" has experienced? That, she did not know.

After all, there were even zombies here, right?!

Seeing the child finally distracted and a bit calmer, he let out a sigh of relief.

"Wait, you already knew who I was?"

He glared at him coldly!

Hey, this little brat is even threatening him now!

Ha, I’m a celestial lord, why should I be afraid of anyone?

“Hmm!”

He nodded lightly, determined to let the child see his affirming answer.

Although he wanted to lie, there was no need!

"What originally awakened me was the power of natural life. Later, I had my suspicions when you built the sugarcane bridge during the vine ball fight," he joked lightly, “after all, not many people use sugarcane as a weapon, and wield the powers of natural life.”

"And to confirm your abilities, I deliberately held your hand to test; it truly is the familiar energy, or should I say, an ability?"

Galen Lan was taken aback, with a look of realization in her eyes. No wonder this old… cough, celestial lord held her hand back then.

It turns out it wasn’t just to fend off enemies but also to probe her!

"Moreover, didn’t you have your doubts about me? 'Zombies' and 'Sugarcane Village' were your tests for me!"

"Little did you know, I was testing you too! I even recited a poem: 'Grapes and fine wine in the luminous cup'… What a pity, someone didn’t react at all."

“…”

Watching the child frown, he smiled helplessly.

"Why not be happy to meet an old friend in a strange place?"

He couldn’t bear even the slightest frown from this child!

He had finally found her, truly alive! He couldn’t bear it!

An apocalypse, full of illusions and mysteries! But who could really distinguish the truth from falsehood?

“Let’s not talk about happiness for now! Since you know about me, you must consider me a familiar one. So as an old acquaintance, how could you steal my clay figurine? Aren’t you ashamed?”

“Ahem, it’s not my fault that Mudman Zhang made you so well! I couldn’t resist wanting to collect it.”

“... Return it to me!” Galen Lan exclaimed. She still hadn’t seen her own clay figurine!

“That is out of the question! Online purchases have a seven-day return policy, and you’ve definitely exceeded that timeline. Isn’t that inappropriate? Besides, you don’t dislike my clay figurine, do you?”

“…” To be honest, the clay figurine was quite well-made! After all, it was a rare and good-looking toy; who wouldn’t like it?

“We’ll discuss this later. So, who are you?”

“I…”

“Don’t say you’re Lord Nanhua; I already know who you are.” So don’t try to fool me!

“I…”

“And don’t say ‘guess,’ otherwise you’ll have to take your own life!”

Big Brother already guessed once and declared it his two most hated words! There’s no exception.

“I’m a little celestial master, carefree and unruly! The Yi Tribe are not humans; Lan Mountain will give me life. I’m happy to help others; saving people is my specialty! La la la… Hey, little junior sister! What are you doing by the lake at this late hour?”

Uh-oh, it seemed he had just noticed the black-faced celestial lord standing next to him, and he quickly straightened up: “Celestial… Celestial Lord!”

Feeling the low pressure emanating from the person beside her, she rushed forward, afraid of mistakenly harming the innocent: “Little senior brother, where did you come from?”

We were just getting to the point, and you perfectly interrupted! *smiles.jpg*

Telling herself, this is my little senior brother! Just ours!

“Me? I was just helping the villagers of Sugarcane Village move things with Haozi. The village head was overly courteous and insisted on treating us to a meal, so we accepted. But little junior sister, don’t worry; nobody cooks as well as you!”

He had to let his little junior sister know that he was her most loyal fan when it comes to food! No exceptions!

“Thank you so much, little senior brother.”

A loud voice echoed:

“Lin Yu!”

“Here!” He sprang to attention!

“I said I couldn’t find anyone at night. You ran off here to go fishing?”

He turned around, trying to please: “Master, it’s not that—I just saw the celestial lord and little junior sister appreciating the moon here, so I came to take a look! Just take a look! Heh heh!”

Great, Master Qingyang also arrived! People from Wanzhi Mountain rarely appeared all together!

After all, it was usually hard to find them!

Lord Nanhua had already stowed away his expressions, his face turning emotionless.

These folks from Wanzhi Mountain seemed to have a knack for interrupting his good fortunes!

“Ah!” Just now, he had been blocked by his third disciple and hadn’t noticed the celestial lord was also there. How careless of him!

He waved away this unlucky third disciple and hurriedly stepped forward to pay respects: “Celestial Lord!”

Though curious about why the celestial lord was with the little disciple under the moonlight, he wasn’t one to lack in tact!

It’s better not to ask what shouldn’t be asked!

He’d wait for another opportunity to inquire privately!

“There's no need for so much courtesy.”

Qingyang Master straightened up, smiling as he greeted the little disciple as well.

Fortunately, Galen Lan had calmed down a lot by now. Otherwise, if Qingyang Master saw a lone man and woman enjoying the moon, he might think…

Oh, thankfully, he had clumsy nerves and didn’t think too much!

“Lan'er is here too! Just right, since everyone is here, I just received a message from Master Zhang! It’s about Sugarcane Village.”

When Sugarcane Village was mentioned, Galen Lan no longer tangled over “who's who” and would have plenty of time to ask later.

What was crucial now was Sugarcane Village. “Master, what’s happened to Sugarcane Village?”

“Sugarcane Village is fine; under my care at Wanzhi Mountain, they are eating and living well!”

“However, the Celestial Court and the Alliance of Immortals have sent people to negotiate with the Yi Tribe; they refuse to acknowledge the massacre in Nancheng and even turn around to accuse us, saying the Celestial Court is fabricating facts to slander them.”

Galen Lan thought to herself: As expected, haha, this shameless attitude! It has been the same throughout history!

Lin Yu was indignant. “How can they do this? We all saw it with our own eyes and experienced it ourselves; who is fabricating facts?”

“Ah, what can we do? It’s all about insufficient evidence! Back then, during the Nancheng battle, almost the entire city was slaughtered, and the cultivators were killed without leaving any evidence or footage; the only ones surviving are the elderly from Sugarcane Village, and they don’t have any particularly strong evidence… Besides, it has been so long; it’s even more impossible to gather evidence now.”

Galen Lan frowned, “Then, weren’t there any foreigners in Nancheng at that time? Or did the Yi Tribe not have anyone documenting the situation back then?”

Qingyang Master hadn’t considered that: “This…”

Lord Nanhua calmly spoke: “You don't need to worry about this; I will handle it! Just leave everything to me!”

Upon hearing this, Qingyang Master and Lin Yu's expressions brightened considerably:

“With the celestial lord taking action, that’s absolutely the best!”

However, Galen Lan considered another layer: “Compared to our Lan Mountain Sect, what is the strength of the Yi Tribe?”

Lord Nanhua confidently replied: “They can’t even be compared!”

Worried that this statement might sound too heavy, he added: “I can crush them with a single hand.”

Qingyang Master and Lin Yu exchanged excited glances. Surely our idol is extraordinary!

Galen Lan looked up at him, and he seemed to want to relax his expression but couldn’t get it right, looking somewhat comical: “Are you sure?”

“Of course!”

His confidence and flamboyance reassured her as she nodded: “Then you go ahead!”

Wait, wait, wait! We weren’t discussing the apocalypse? How come you’re rushing me off?

Don’t you want to know who I am anymore?

Galen Lan picked up the clay figurine lying on the ground and walked away without looking back!

She declared: Love it or leave it! Who cares?!