**The Only Junior Sister! How Can I Hand Her Over?**

Nan Hua said reluctantly, “So, I’m leaving?”

But the stern Gan Lanlan simply replied, “Mm! Take care, don’t let the door hit you on the way out.”

“...” Little one, you have no heart!

He took a couple of cautious steps, truly hesitant.

The two masters nearby stared dumbfounded as they watched the Immortal Lord pace in place, wondering if he was practicing some new form of flight technique.

They wanted to observe carefully, learning how the Immortal Lord walked an unconventional path!

However, the Immortal Lord wasn’t really planning to leave; instead, he took two large strides to catch up with Gan Lanlan. Without another word, he stuffed a delicate wooden box into her hands, instructing her:

“The answer is in here! I hope next time you can call out my name.”

Then he transformed into starlight and vanished!

“Wow~”

Though it was all a flash, the master and disciple clearly felt the force generated by the Immortal Lord’s departure, as the air swirled around them, pushing them back a few steps!

It felt like being swept away by a typhoon!

Truly befitting an Immortal Lord; this flight technique was extraordinary!

If Nan Hua were here, he would surely praise the two for their discerning eyes. The speed of this godly technique couldn’t even be followed by a flying ship, and now he had already appeared at the border of Japan!

Of course, he wouldn’t mention that although their eyesight was commendable, their judgment was lacking!

Just a little push was a small punishment; were they daring to complain? Hmph!

“Hey?…”

This person always talks to himself like this!

There’s no beast chasing behind; why run so fast!

However, Gan Lanlan thought: That disappearing technique was fantastic; she wanted to learn it! o(TωT)o

As for the box in her hands, she would look at it later!

After all, there was a pair of “giraffe” masters close by, eyeing her covetously!

“Master, Senior Brother, I think I’ll go rest now. Good night!”

“Ah, good night! Junior Sister!”

“Mm, sleep well! Disciple!”

Watching Gan Lanlan walk away, the master and disciple exchanged glances.

Lin Yu was so anxious he nearly grabbed his master’s sleeve and shook it:

“Master, did you see? The Immortal Lord gave Junior Sister a gift?”

Real Master Qing Yang nodded gravely:

“I saw it!”

His eyesight was quite sharp; he saw it with his own eyes! Both of his eyes witnessed it!

“I told you, I told you! The Immortal Lord definitely has ulterior motives! We’ve been feeding him, providing for him, and he actually… actually wants to poach our wall corner!”

Real Master Qing Yang hesitated: “But… he is Nan Hua the Immortal Lord! If the Immortal Lord has taken a liking to Lanlan, isn’t that her blessing?!”

“Master, please wake up! She is my only junior sister from Wanzhi Mountain! The champion of the Immortal Sect competition! How can we hand her over? She is the junior sister I’ve been longing for for a hundred years!”

Lin Yu was on the verge of lifting his master and shaking him vigorously, determined to shake off his master’s idol worship!

“Well… I will try my best to disagree?”

“Not try; you must definitely disagree! You are the master, and if you disagree, how can the Immortal Lord forcefully take her away?”

Real Master Qing Yang expressed that he had a say in this matter:

“Then he definitely cannot! The Immortal Lord is a person of great standing; it’s certainly beneath him to do such underhanded things.”

“In short, Master, you must stop the Immortal Lord from taking—Junior—Sister—as—his—disciple.”

“Ah, yes, yes! Oh, right! Stop the Immortal Lord from taking disciples!”

“Exactly!”

“Actually, if the Immortal Lord could take me as a disciple...?”

Looking at Lin Yu’s death glare, Real Master Qing Yang straightened his expression:

“Ahem, don’t worry, Yu’er, I am your master! As long as I disagree, no one can take away your junior sister!”

Satisfied with his master’s assurance, Lin Yu finally felt relieved!

If Wen Gu were here, he would likely be infuriated by this master-disciple pair!

Was the Immortal Lord trying to poach his disciple?

He clearly wanted to steal her away!

*

Sitting at the dressing table carefully chosen by her senior sister, Gan Lanlan placed the exquisitely crafted box adorned with various gems down!

A matching key lay on top of the box!

Nearby stood a figurine of "Mud Man Immortal Lord"; just looking at it made her angry! Into the corner it goes!

【Lanlan, who is that person? His aura is quite terrifying!】

Right, Sisi had been sleeping deeply and didn’t know about the Immortal Lord!

【He is Nan Hua the Immortal Lord, one of the founders of Lanshan Sect, and also the one trapped in the vine ball last time.】

Sisi nodded her little head in realization:

【So it’s him! But how does he know about the apocalypse? It’s as if he’s been there?】

【Yes! When I participated in the great gathering of Lanshan Sect, he entered my domain. The domain can also be considered a trial dream! In the dream, he must have transformed into someone we recognize.】

Sisi sat on the dressing table, tilting her little head in confusion:

【So he knows quite a bit about the apocalypse, but who is he? Do we recognize him?】

【He knows a lot, but I don’t know the specifics either. I don't know who he is, as there seems to be no one around us with such a personality, but he should be someone who knows us!】

At this point, she looked at the box: 【He said the answer is in this box.】

Sisi looked curiously at the lavish box at her feet and wanted to scratch it open.

【By the way, Sisi, you entered the apocalypse because you entered my trial dream, right?】

【If what you say is true, then I must have too. However, I don’t remember!】

Alright, she remembered that this little one’s memory wasn’t very complete.

Using a little paw to nudge the box: 【Didn’t he say the answer is in here? Lanlan, hurry and open it!】

【Okay!】

Taking a deep breath, she inserted the key and slowly turned it… but it wouldn’t budge! What’s going on?!

No matter how much she twisted, even using all her strength, she couldn’t open it!

“Crack!”

Gan Lanlan was startled, raising both hands; the right hand still held a broken key half!

The key had snapped, leaving her dumbfounded!

“Lanlan, ah this…”

“This, ahem, might be because of poor quality! Hahaha… Well, it doesn’t matter, let’s just open it forcefully!”

After a series of attempts with various tools, they still made no progress! Sisi, with one paw, simply… tore it open!

Sisi felt very satisfied; she was indeed the most helpful little beast!

While Gan Lanlan was unlocking, she tried to dispel her embarrassment with a sarcastic comment:

“This old antique box, who knows where it was dug out from; haha, it must be too old and worn out.”

“Mm, worn out.”

Sisi nodded repeatedly; what Lanlan said was right!

Peering into the box together, they saw only a folded piece of paper lying quietly inside!

Yes, they weren’t mistaken!

In such an exquisite box, there was only one folded piece of paper!

Gan Lanlan took the paper out, still not losing hope, and shook the box.

Confirming that there was nothing else inside! Unbelievable!

“‘Buying the box but leaving the pearl’ at least had a pearl inside!

This broken box required so much effort just to open!

And it contained only this scrap of paper?!

What are people thinking?!

If Nan Hua the Immortal Lord were present, he would surely cry out in injustice!

This was carefully selected from his private collection! The prettiest and most precious box he could find!

But, indeed, it was somewhat old!

Moreover, when he placed the paper inside, he had used his technique out of habit! He had never opened this box before!

This was, perhaps, a classic case of a beautiful exterior hiding poor quality!

Good thing he wasn’t here; otherwise, Gan Lanlan would reveal the sugarcane stick technique to show him what needed to be done!

Gan Lanlan gritted her teeth:

“I have to see who on earth he really is?!”

Opening the paper, she found only four large characters written on it!

Flipping it over to look again! Perfect, there wasn't even an extra character!

Taking a deep breath, don’t get angry! Getting mad is bad for health and there’s no one to replace you!

Angrily throwing it! Still quite irritating!

Who the heck gives answers and makes it a multiple-choice question?!

“Hmph, such style!” she said sarcastically, curling her lips!

Picking up the mud figurine and gazing at its sunshine-like smile, she couldn’t help but feel a slight smile creeping onto her face.

“With this silly smile, do I even need to guess?”

Sisi jumped to Gan Lanlan’s shoulder, rubbing her furry face against her cheek:

【Lanlan, who is it?】

Gan Lanlan returned the nuzzle and softly replied with two words. Sisi suddenly realized:

【So it is him!】

Holding Sisi in her arms, she stroked its fur, watching it comfortably squint its eyes:

“I see he’s been a bit naughty; when he returns, I’ll prepare ten pounds of sugar cane! I must let him truly taste the sweetness of the sugar cane stick!”

【Good! Woof woof~ We are ready for the sugar cane punishment! Woof woof, Lanlan, over there, a bit to the left, yes, yes, it feels good!】

Since Sisi made such a request, of course:

“Alright! Today, I’m going to pet you until you go bald!”

【Hee hee hee, Lanlan wouldn’t do that! Lanlan loves me the most!】

Pinching Sisi's little nose, she smiled:

“Right, I love you the most! No one can compare!”

【Hee hee, I love Lanlan the most too! No one can compare because no one can compare to my Lanlan!】

Gan Lanlan was momentarily taken aback, and a few sparkles shone in her eyes.

Sisi, be it in the past or present! Has always supported her unconditionally!

She would treat Sisi well, ensuring it became the happiest little creature in this world!

【Woof woof! Lanlan, a little to the left, yes, feels good!】【T___T】