**Steamed Soup Dumplings, Forever the Best!**

However, someone didn't make her wait long!

The next morning, as she hurriedly opened the door, she unexpectedly found someone standing right outside.

Noticing his hand seemingly retracting abruptly, she raised an eyebrow:  
Was that a failed knock? Or had he been hesitating about whether to knock?

But since he was an old acquaintance, there was no need to be polite!  
"Well, have you wrapped up your heavenly business?"

"Yes, done!" he replied, a bit hesitantly, "Um, I just wanted to..."

"Wanted to what?"

"I meant..."

"What? It's only been one night, and the celestial lord is already stuttering?"

Before Nan Hua could explain, the voice he disliked the most came from afar:  
"Master, I saw the celestial lord! He’s right here at Lanlan's door!"

Nan Hua couldn’t help but clench his fists. This master-student duo really knew how to get on his nerves!!

Lin Yu rushed over, seemingly in a hurry.  
On the other hand, Qing Yang, the righteous master, took a more refined approach, using space-bending techniques to arrive elegantly, surpassing his third disciple to reach Lanlan's door first.

However, one mustn't forget the formalities: "Greetings, celestial lord."  
Nan Hua coldly replied, "Hmm."

He was thinking to himself:  
*“Anyway, don’t expect me to say ‘no need for such formality!’ This teacher-student duo is quite a nuisance! I need to find a chance to send them away!”*

Meanwhile, the two of them were thinking:  
*“Want to be alone with Lanlan? No way! We’ll keep an eye on you, not letting you be alone with her! You aren’t taking my disciple from Wanzhi Mountain! Not a chance!”*

Seeing him return to his poker face again, and recalling his identity during the apocalypse!  
It was indeed a stark contrast; Gan Lanlan couldn't help but chuckle.

But she shouldn't be too dismissive, right? After all, in this world, he was a celestial idol!  
"Master, Junior Brother, what brings you here? Why are you running so fast?"

"Junior Sister, good news! Good news! Just yesterday..."  
She interrupted the little disciple's excited performance:  
"Go, go, go, let the celestial lord speak for himself, he’s right here!"

Lin Yu looked aggrieved, "Oh!"  
*“Isn’t my excitement justified?”*

"Celestial lord, are you here to tell Lanlan about last night's negotiation with the Wok tribe?"  
Nan Hua felt that the importance of the situation didn't matter! The right answer at this moment must be:  
"Of course."

Seeing the way they wanted to sit down and have a serious conversation in front of her door, Gan Lanlan quickly interjected,  
"Master, is it urgent? Do we need to sit down and discuss it properly?"

Qing Yang paused for a moment: "Not really, last night’s matters have been resolved. I overlooked this, celestial lord. How about we go to the Aroma Pavilion to chat?"

Lin Yu added, "Yesterday, the celestial lord showcased extraordinary prowess, defeating the Wok tribe effortlessly. I rushed early this morning just to share this good news with Junior Sister."  
And to let Junior Sister know the details! Not giving the celestial lord a chance to win her favor!

He wouldn’t let the celestial lord trick Junior Sister away! He was here to protect their little Junior Sister!  
Of course, as long as the celestial lord didn’t try to take her from him, the idol was still the idol!

"Since it’s not urgent, does that mean you want me to hear about last night's story?"  
"…Basically, yes."

Gan Lanlan nodded, understanding:  
"In that case, whether we do it now or later, it shouldn't matter much, right? After all, it’s still early..."

As she looked up at the sky, Qing Yang and Lin Yu instantly understood!  
"Right, right, it's not urgent, not urgent."  
"Yes, yes, we have time for breakfast."

Nan Hua: "..."  
*“I came all this way wanting to talk to her, why is it so hard?!”*

"How about we move to the Aroma Pavilion? I’ll go prepare breakfast, and we can chat after we eat."  
Qing Yang responded, "That works."

Of course, he couldn't forget about the one always mooching at Wanzhi Mountain:  
"Celestial lord, would you like to join? Please!"

The celestial lord had no desire to go; he simply wanted to have a little chat with a certain someone!  
But he still said, "Sure. Today, I want to eat steamed soup dumplings!"

Well, he was supposed to have a little chat, wasn’t he? Why was he ordering food now?  
Hearing this, Lin Yu's eyes lit up, and he raised his hand high:  
"Junior Sister, I want soup dumplings too!" Small but filling!

Qing Yang stroked his beard and laughed, "Lanlan, I’ll have the same as well?"  
Gan Lanlan suppressed the urge to roll her eyes, reluctantly responding:  
"We have plenty! The dumplings are already made; I’ll steam them and whip up a few side dishes and porridge."

"Sounds great!"  
Dinner table conversations had never been quiet since they started this eating tradition!

Though, when they finally dug into the steamed soup dumplings, it was indeed a moment of silence!  
After all, they had to relish them while they were hot, right?  
If they talked, wouldn't the hot soup leak out? That'd be a disaster!

Thin skin, ample filling, soft and fragrant, rich but not greasy!  
Dipped in vinegar, they bit through the skin just enough to slurp up the hot broth, filling their mouths with flavor!  
It couldn't get any better with a bowl of white porridge and salty preserved vegetables!

Even Si Si was given a special seat for soup dumplings, and Gan Lanlan placed one in front of it in the vinegar dish!  
The little Si Si squatted on the table beside Gan Lanlan, first sniffing with its bright red nose!  
Then, curious about how the others ate, it slowly bowed its head and took a tiny bite!  
Its eyes sparkled, and with a swift motion, one dumpling disappeared!

*“Lanlan, so this is the taste of delicious food! It’s incredible! Especially this dumpling, it's the best thing I've ever eaten! Except for sugar cane!”*  
Feeling a bit heartbroken looking at Si Si, this child probably hadn’t eaten much besides sugar cane! She quickly gave it another one!  
*“If it's good, eat some more, the kitchen still has plenty.”*

After all, there were too many big eaters present; they had to prepare more!  
*“Woof, delicious! Lanlan, I love you the most!”*  
Someone felt a bit envious; not knowing if it was the dumpling dipped in vinegar that caused this sour remark:  
"You’re quite generous with that little beast!"

Gan Lanlan gave Si Si another dumpling, not even sparing him a glance and simply replied,  
"Of course! Si Si is like family to me; we’ve shared sweetness and bitterness together."  
*“Exactly, we’ve shared sweetness and bitterness! Woof, delicious!"*  
*“Alright, eat slowly; we aren't in a hurry! The kitchen has more; you can have as much as you want! ...Oh wait, let me wipe that broth off your little mouth.”*

As she spoke, she also wiped Si Si's little mouth, which was all covered in broth!  
*“Awooo! Thanks, Lanlan, I love you the most!”*  
*“Mhm, keep eating!”*

Qing Yang and the others thought they were discussing the time Si Si helped during the rescue operation involving the vine ball, after all, it had played its part too. They didn’t think much of it!  
After all, girls tend to love furry little beasts! From what they knew, many female immortals raised little beasts as if they were their own children!

Nan Hua thought: *I’m the one who has truly shared joy and hardship with you! What’s that furry little beast compared to me?*  
Unfortunately, Gan Lanlan was solely focused on taking care of her little beast and didn’t give him a single glance. So he could only...  
"Another basket!" Nan Hua shouted!  
"Another basket!" Qing Yang echoed!  
"Another basket!" Lin Yu called out!  
Gan Lanlan rolled her eyes:  
“The kitchen has plenty, go get it yourself if you want more!”  
Did they think she would fetch it for them? Spoiling them like this!

The three of them exchanged glances, each feeling a bit resentful:  
*"How can they eat so much?!*  
Qing Yang had eight baskets piled next to him!  
Lin Yu was no different, also stacked with eight!  
And Nan Hua, while sulking, had also consumed nine baskets!  
Then glancing over at Gan Lanlan’s table, there were only two baskets, and she hadn’t even finished one!

More importantly: one was hers, and one was for Si Si!  
The three of them finally felt a bit embarrassed! But, faced with delicious food, eating was the priority!

The trio got up, gently pushing each other as they headed to the kitchen for more dumplings!  
After the meal, everyone moved to the Aroma Pavilion's living room.  
"This ‘living room’ of yours is quite nice," Nan Hua commented, casting a meaningful glance at Gan Lanlan!  
After all, this living room had a modern style, meaning it resembled the setup in the sugar cane base from the apocalypse!

The living room of Gan Lanlan’s base wasn’t identical to this, but at least it was about eighty to ninety percent similar!  
So admit it, you know who I am, right?  
Gan Lanlan thought: *Sorry, the soup dumplings have blinded me! Can’t see anything!*  
Nan Hua: ...