**The Dark Sorcerer Strikes**

“... It's impossible for you to be this stubborn! I think I should call you: Kai Xin!” 

“Kai Xin, long time no see!” 

The gentle breeze blew in, bringing with it the warmth of spring flowers! 

Gwen Lanlan glanced out the window, and indeed, the wind had picked up and flowers were blooming! 

Some celestial lord, too emotionally stirred, unintentionally disturbed the feng shui here, which left others speechless. 

“Lan girl...” 

“Stop!” She couldn’t help but rub her arms! 

“You’re a celestial lord now; don’t call me 'Lan girl!' It sounds weird!” 

“...” 

Sisi, who had been perched on Gwen Lanlan’s knee watching for a while, couldn’t hold back her giggles, her small body shaking slightly. 

“Then I’ll just call you Tien'er! I remember I used to call you 'Sweet Princess' all the time!” 

Anyway, I won’t follow the crowd and just call you Lanlan; that would make it seem like we’re not close! 

“Are you serious? Do you think that sounds nice?” 

“Sounds pretty nice, actually; it has a sweet ring to it!” 

“No, please don’t just name me like that, okay? ... 'Lan'er' or 'Lanlan' will do!” 

He wanted to argue a bit more, but seeing Gwen Lanlan's stern face, he couldn’t help but give in! 

“Well then, I’ll just call you 'Lan'er'!” 

“Mm.” 

“Lan'er, will you marry me?” 

“... Alright, stop joking! Next topic!” 

This wasn’t the pleasant reunion she had imagined; instead, it was so awkward she felt like digging a basement! Just in time, the Flavoring Pavilion lacked a basement! 

“Oh! I know that saying this is a bit abrupt, so I...” 

Gwen Lanlan thought: So you’re aware this is abrupt! 

“Let’s talk about it next time!” 

Gwen Lanlan sighed internally. 

So she looked earnestly at Nan Hua, the celestial lord: “... I want to say something to you; I’m not sure if it’s appropriate!” 

Nan Hua eagerly asked, “You can say anything! Anything at all!” 

“I want to cuss at you; is that okay?” 

“... Well, let’s forget it then!” 

Suddenly, with a loud crash, the door was shoved open forcefully from outside! 

Gwen Lanlan: What is wrong with these people? Can’t they even knock when entering a girl’s room?! 

“Little Junior Sister, it’s bad! It’s bad! ... Huh? Celestial Lord, why are you in my Little Junior Sister's room?” 

Nan Hua: Not this loudmouth again! This is troublesome! 

Gwen Lanlan: Thank goodness for my Senior Brother; he interrupted the tension. I was almost embarrassed to death! 

Lin Yu: Master! You need to come back quickly! The celestial lord has invaded the room of my little junior sister! 

Gwen Lanlan quickly picked up Sisi and walked over! 

“Senior Brother, what's the matter?” 

Seeing the celestial lord behind his junior sister, he asked hesitantly: 

“Little Junior Sister, um, the celestial lord...?” 

“The celestial lord is fine; he just dropped by my room for a visit! He’s not important!” 

Nan Hua: “...” 

To prevent her Senior Brother from asking more questions, she quickly asked: 

“Senior Brother, why are you in such a hurry? Has something major happened?” 

“Oh! Little Junior Sister, a big event has occurred! The Western Alliance is going to declare war on us!” 

Gwen Lanlan was puzzled: “Western Alliance? The forces of the Western countries? Why do they suddenly want to go to war with us?” 

“It’s not that the Wok Tribe! They’re cowards, but they excel at whining. The Western Alliance claims we’ve violated the peace treaty and plans to sanction us.” 

Nan Hua listened, his face surprisingly solemn: “It can’t be that simple!” 

The brother and sister both turned to him, and he continued: 

“The Western Alliance has been eyeing our Celestial Realm for a while. The Wok Tribe is just an excuse they found! When I returned, both the Heavenly Emperor and Fu Hua told me multiple times that the Western Alliance has attacked our practitioners several times. Recently, quite a few of their people have infiltrated our Celestial Realm.” 

As he spoke, he looked down at Gwen Lanlan: “I’ll be right back. Wait for me!” 

This time, he didn’t leave right away; he just focused intently on Gwen Lanlan, insisting that he wait for her response. 

Gwen Lanlan felt helpless, fearing he might hold out indefinitely, and could only reply: 

“Okay!” 

He smiled in satisfaction, nodded, and then vanished into thin air! 

* 

That night, in the living room of the Flavoring Pavilion. 

Gwen Lanlan, holding Sisi, felt a bit restless. 

“Senior Brother, have you contacted Master?” 

“Mm, Master said he has something to attend to and won't be back for a while.” 

“My eyelids are twitching; I can’t shake the feeling that something is about to happen!” 

“Little Junior Sister, don’t think too much! There’s nothing to worry about; our Wanzhi Mountain has protective formations that aren’t easy to breach! Besides, I’m here!” 

Gwen Lanlan discarded the last part of that sentence: “I hope so!” 

In the deep of night, several shadows flickered at the foot of Wanzhi Mountain! A beam of light struck the protective barrier, breaking open a small hole, and then the shadows rushed in. 

Suddenly, Gwen Lanlan, who had been meditating, opened her eyes wide: “Oh no!” 

Sisi, who had been half-asleep, was jolted awake: 

【Lanlan, what’s wrong?】 

“Someone has broken into Sugar Cane Village; the sugar cane grove is fighting back.” 

As she spoke, Sisi quickly grew larger and flew with Gwen Lanlan towards the sugar cane grove! 

On the way, Gwen Lanlan sent a sound message to Lin Yu: 
“小师兄，有人闯入甘蔗村，速来！” 

Fortunately, the first wave of enemies didn’t seem very strong; they were trapped by the sugar cane grove. 

Lin Yu quickly arrived on his sword; from above, they saw below strange beings that resembled neither wolves nor humans, yet wore clothes: 

“Little Junior Sister, are these... wolf demons?” 

“More accurately, they should be Western werewolves.” 

Seeing that people in Sugar Cane Village were waking up, she raised her hand, prompting new sugar canes to grow that encircled the village, continuously rising until they formed a protective barrier! 

It transformed into a “Sugar Cane Yurt!” and she reminded those inside: 

“It isn’t safe tonight; village chief, be careful, and don’t leave this protective circle!” 

“Okay, we understand! Celestial Master, take care!” 

Soon, a group of people dressed in black robes appeared around them! They were surrounded! 

Black Robed Man: “Wow, we’ve been discovered!” 

Gwen Lanlan: “Dark Sorcerers!” 

Lin Yu: “Little Junior Sister, what do you mean?” 

“These guys with sticks are the dark sorcerers from the West. They are practitioners of magical arts!” 

But the opposing side didn’t allow them more room for conversation and launched an attack immediately: 

“Death Curse!” 

“Senior Brother, dodge!” 

In an instant, it was as if countless “flashlights” lit up above Sugar Cane Village! “Bang, bang, bang, bang!” it echoed nonstop! 

Once more, a sugar cane shield blocked the curse! 

Watching the breaking free werewolves, Gwen Lanlan said to Lin Yu: “Senior Brother, these people are targeting Sugar Cane Village; they likely want to kill and silence all witnesses. You prioritize dealing with the werewolves and protect the village chief. I will handle these dark sorcerers!” 

The situation was dire, and they were outnumbered, with only the two of them and one beast! 

Moreover, it had been a long time without anyone discovering the anomalies on Wanzhi Mountain, probably because they were held back. 

Lin Yu hesitated, and as Gwen Lanlan blocked the attacks, she urged: “Senior Brother, we’re in the air; we’re too obvious a target. You excel in close combat; go down and drive away the werewolves. I’ll come up with a way to deal with the dark sorcerers.” 

Seeing the werewolves attacking the “Sugar Cane Yurt,” she added, “Go!” 

“Okay. Little Junior Sister, be careful.” 

In one moment of distraction, Gwen Lanlan’s hair was struck, and strands fell from the sky. Determined, she exclaimed: “Sisi, let’s fly into the sky!” 

【Alright!】 

The dark sorcerers also noticed; while the intel stated that Wanzhi Mountain only had two little apprentices, they didn’t expect one of them to be so strong! 

It seemed if they didn’t defeat her that night, their mission to eliminate the 21 people might never be accomplished. 

Thus, they hopped onto their flying broomsticks, propelling themselves towards her in the air. 

But just halfway there, suddenly, a sea of purple appeared, blotting out the sky and casting an ominous glow. 

As they focused, they realized it was a circular formation made of sugar cane and swords. 

“All swords release, go!” 

The leading sorcerer saw the formation and shouted, “Oh no, quick, retreat!” 

But it was too late! 

A rain of purple lightning struck down upon them! 

Dodge, fall! Dodge, fall! Falling! Falling! Falling! 

At this moment, Gwen Lanlan caught a glimpse of Lin Yu’s side; although the werewolves were strong, her Senior Brother was agile enough, and with the sugar cane constantly hitting them, there was no real need to worry. 

On the ground, an injured dark sorcerer exclaimed: “Lord Xu Si, what should we do now?” 

Xu Si gritted his teeth: “Summon the Soul Eaters!” 

“Yes!” 

Suddenly, a horde of shadowy figures emerged from all directions! 

They appeared to be spirit bodies dressed in tattered black robes, decaying all over, seeming both tangible yet intangible. 

With a single blow, they sent Lin Yu flying far away! 

Sisi quickly flew over with Gwen Lanlan, casting a protective dome around them. 

As she helped Lin Yu up, she asked: “Senior Brother, are you alright?” 

“I’m fine, not dead!” He pulled out his shattered chest armor; it had just barely blocked that deadly strike. 

“Just... I can’t move for the time being. What kind of monsters are these?” 

“They said they are Soul Eaters!” 

Lin Yu looked at the current situation, realizing they didn’t know how many more tricks the enemy had! Master hadn’t returned, and it seemed all of this had been planned long in advance! 

Now with just the two of them, they might truly be powerless! 

“Little Junior Sister, we can’t handle these people. You can definitely escape alone; hurry and go! Don’t worry about us!”