Who dares to harm her?  
“Who dares to harm her?!”  
Heavenly Lord Nanhua never expected that in just a short absence, he would return to a scene that made his heart race with rage:  
From his vantage point in the air, he saw the landscape of Wanzhi Mountain engulfed in flames, with a massive purple net of sugarcane surrounded by roaring fire, while the claws of a demonic dragon tore at the giant net!  
Dark sorcerers relentlessly attacked the sugarcane net, and the soul-eating creatures formed a siege to strike!  
And the one he cared about was right in the eye of this storm, struggling desperately!  
He was furious!  
With a fierce flick of his sleeve, a strong gust of wind blew from above:  
It extinguished the raging flames and sent the soul-eating creatures and dark sorcerers flying!  
As the pressure eased, through the gaps in the sugarcane net, Lin Lanyan breathed a small sigh of relief as she spotted her opponents knocked back!  
However, she didn’t immediately retract the sugarcane net; until everything was certain, any relaxation could lead to fatal mistakes!  
The dark sorcerers who had been sent flying, upon seeing the purple figure in the air, displayed looks of shock!  
Wasn’t it rumored that this person was at the edge of the cultivation world tonight? How could they be here?  
Thinking of Heavenly Lord Nanhua’s terrifying combat ability, they had no time to check on their disoriented companions and quickly fled the vicinity of Wanzhi Mountain!  
Heavenly Lord Nanhua didn’t spare a thought for them; he flashed to Lin Lanyan's side and hugged her tightly!  
Lin Lanyan felt her face squished against his hard chest!  
Just as she wanted to struggle, she heard the fierce “thump thump thump” of a heartbeat, filled with concern:  
“Thank goodness you’re okay! Thank goodness you’re okay! Thank goodness you’re okay!”  
Initially wanting to push him away, her hands instead turned to a gentle pat!  
Her death in the apocalypse seemed to have not only brought bad experiences to Shishi!  
But also left deep impressions on this person! Even though he clearly knew it was merely "a dream"!  
“Um…”  
“Don’t talk, let me hold you for a bit! My heart isn’t good!”  
“…No, I meant to say, those dark sorcerers have escaped.”  
“They haven’t!”  
Just then, heavy objects fell to the ground in rapid succession; Lin Lanyan managed to pull her head out to take a look!  
Good, she had no idea how he did it, but even the fleeing dark sorcerers had been caught and were currently trapped below!  
Then, her head was pushed back down again by him!  
“…”  
Lin Yu, supported by Baocun, stared wide-eyed at the two embracing each other!  
He could hear the joyous exclamations from Village Chief Dayong:  
“Ah, being young is wonderful!”  
Villager: “Yeah! I too liked to hug my wife like that when I was young!”  
Lin Yu looked at the smiling, kind-hearted villagers of Sugarcane Village, then back at the two still hugging, feeling like he was about to faint!  
And then, he really did faint!  
By the time he vaguely heard some voices again, it was already the next day.  
“Brother Sumu, how’s Yu’er? Why hasn’t he woken up yet?”  
Sitting by Lin Yu’s bed was a young man in brown linen, checking Lin Yu’s pulse!  
At this moment, he furrowed his brow:  
“Yu’er seems to be suffering from soul loss, but… it doesn’t look like it! His three souls and seven spirits are intact, but his soul power is somewhat scattered. Did your little disciple say that Yu’er was attacked by a soul-eating creature from the West?”  
“Yes. Do you know of any way to help?”  
Sumu shook his head: “I have never seen such a creature, so I don’t know how to deal with it!”  
“What shall we do?”  
“Master, let me try!”  
Looking at his little disciple, who didn’t look so good, Qiuyang Zhenren disapproved:  
“Lanyan, you mustn’t be reckless! Look at your complexion; you haven’t recovered yet, and with your master here, you should rest well!”  
“Master, I’m really fine! Just a bit tired; I rested all night, and I’m okay now.”  
Seeing Qiuyang Zhenren still refusing, she thought to play her trump card:  
“Don’t believe me? Ask Heavenly Lord Nanhua!”  
Qiuyang Zhenren turned to the reluctant Heavenly Lord Nanhua, who Lin Lanyan had pulled over!  
The man wore a dark expression, but upon feeling a pinch on his arm, he begrudgingly said:  
“Lanyan’s natural life force is stronger than Qiuyang’s restorative abilities! It would be best if she comes!”  
After a moment's thought, he added:  
“Herbs are ineffective for this condition; Qiuyang can’t restore soul power! She’ll be more useful than you!”  
Qiuyang Zhenren: …  
Sumu Zhenren: …  
Lin Lanyan: I just wanted you to speak, not to launch an indiscriminate attack!  
“Alright, Master, I’ll handle it! Besides, Heavenly Lord taught me some techniques last night.”  
“Fine!”  
Lin Lanyan floated her hands above Lin Yu, and purple light enveloped him.  
Still in a coma, Lin Yu felt as if he had stepped into a warm blanket on a winter's day, like entering a comfortable hot spring; he wished he could keep sleeping!  
As Lin Lanyan drew her hands back, Sumu Zhenren stepped forward to check:  
“He’s indeed fine now!”  
Qiuyang Zhenren finally showed a smile, then worriedly asked:  
“Then why hasn’t Yu’er woken up yet?”  
“He’s still sleeping!”  
“…”  
Stepping out, Qiuyang Zhenren saw Lin Lanyan following the Heavenly Lord, just as he was about to pursue them. His three disciples were still fainted; he couldn't just leave his little disciple behind.  
Sumu quickly grabbed his senior brother: “Brother, where are you going?”  
Qiuyang Zhenren, struggling to break free, said urgently: “Don’t hold me back; the Heavenly Lord doesn’t know where he’s taking my little disciple! I have to see, or my little disciple will be lost!”  
Grabbing him firmly: “Brother, Brother! What kind of situation is this between little couples, and what are you doing trailing after them?”  
Qiuyang Zhenren was rendered speechless: “What little… little couple?”  
“Right? Didn’t you see how they embraced yesterday, so unwilling to part?” He chuckled and shook his head.  
“Ah, no! Brother, doesn’t the Heavenly Lord want to take my little disciple as his apprentice?”  
Looking curiously at his senior brother: “When did the Heavenly Lord say he wanted to take disciples?”  
“This was what Yu’er said…”  
Before he could finish, he was interrupted by Sumu Zhenren: “Brother, is Yu’er foolish? Are you being foolish too?”  
“…” Three disciples misunderstood me; is this a plot against me?  
Sumu didn’t care about his stunned senior brother anymore, shouldering his treasured medicine box as he walked away. He needed to report to the sect master; there seemed to be good news for their Lianshan Sect!  
Qiuyang Zhenren stood alone in the wind, at a loss as to whether to laugh or cry!  
“What is going on? Never mind, never mind, the matters of the little couples are beyond me!”  
He walked off hand in hand, needing time to digest the fact that his little disciple had caught the eye of the Heavenly Lord!  
Oh, where are my oldest and second disciples at this moment? Otherwise, I wouldn't be led astray by my third disciple!  
After taking a few steps, he suddenly turned to look at Lin Lanyan and the others: “Huh? Isn’t the Heavenly Lord considerably older than us? Can we really call them a little couple?”  
Pondering for a moment, he stroked his beard and continued walking:  
“Forget it, forget it! I’ll just go grab a meal!”