**Debt Collection Drama**

“Open up! I know you’re in there!” 

The pounding on the door was relentless, and Ivy Gonzalez could feel her heart racing. She scrambled into the kitchen, grabbed a knife, and tucked it behind her back, trying to appear calm as she opened the door. 

As the door swung wide, four burly men barged in, their eyes scanning Ivy like she was the last slice of pizza at a party. They strutted into her living room and plopped down on her couch like they owned the place. It was late at night, and her heart was pounding at the sight of these intruders. Ivy took a cautious step back, keeping her distance.

The guy in the plaid shirt, who looked like he meant business, was the first to speak. “Grace Peterson is your mother, right?” He leaned forward, glaring at Ivy with a look that could curdle milk. “She owes us $120,000, and we agreed she’d pay us back monthly. But she’s been dodging us! Is she trying to get herself killed?” 

He picked up a glass from the coffee table and smashed it on the floor, letting his anger fly. 

Ivy’s heart raced as she stood frozen, gripping the knife tighter. There was no way she was buying this. “Proof?” she shot back, trying to keep her cool.

The plaid-shirt guy sneered, and one of his buddies handed him a stack of papers. He strutted over to Ivy, waving the papers in her face like they were a winning lottery ticket. “Right here! Go ahead and take a look!” 

Ivy instinctively stepped back, the stench of his booze hitting her like a brick wall. She reluctantly took the papers, her fingers trembling as she flipped through them. Each page was stamped with her mother’s signature and fingerprint, detailing a growing mountain of debt. What started as a few thousand had ballooned into that staggering amount. 

Panic surged through her. How could Grace Peterson be so reckless? Ivy knew her mother had a penchant for risky investments, but she thought her mom had learned her lesson after blowing through her father’s savings. Clearly, she was wrong.

Ivy took a deep breath, mustering her resolve. “I’ll pay it back, but this is a huge amount. I need time.”

The plaid-shirt guy stretched and stood up, a smug grin on his face. “See? Was that so hard? Just don’t pull any funny business! Next time, we might not knock.” 

With that, the group of intimidating men wobbled out of her apartment, the last guy giving Ivy a lingering look that made her skin crawl. She slammed the door shut behind them, her heart still pounding. 

Sliding down the door, Ivy felt the weight of the world crash down on her. What was she going to do? She could barely scrape together $20,000, let alone $120,000! 

She threw the knife to the floor, furious with her mother for digging them into this mess. Ever since her father passed away, their lives had descended into chaos. Ivy had been juggling jobs and scholarships just to pay for college while her peers were out living their best lives. Now, she was drowning. 

She spent the night on the floor, too anxious to sleep. When morning light crept in, she finally mustered the energy to get up, her legs feeling like jelly as she shuffled to the bathroom. 

Staring in the mirror, she saw dark circles under her eyes and a face that screamed exhaustion. Splashing cold water on her face helped a bit, waking her up, but the weight of her situation still loomed heavily.

When she arrived at the hospital, Grace Peterson was awake, staring out the window at some chirping birds. When their eyes met, Grace opened her mouth to ask why Ivy was there so early, but Ivy cut her off, tossing the stack of papers onto the side table. 

“Explain this,” she said, her voice steady despite the storm raging inside her.

Grace’s eyes widened, and she stammered, “I... I didn’t mean to borrow that much. It started off well, and I even bought you a new phone! But then everything went south, and they kept saying I needed to invest more to make back what I lost...”

“I’ll change! I promise! I just wanted us to live better...” 

Ivy’s face darkened. She could barely hold back her anger. “Do you think you’ve dragged me down enough? Other parents worry about their kids’ futures while you’re out here sinking us both! I can barely afford your medical bills!”

“I’ll sell the house. We can pay the debt, and then you can move back to the country. The fresh air will do you good,” Ivy said, arms crossed, trying to keep her cool.

When Grace heard Ivy’s plan to sell their home, she exploded. “You can’t sell the house! It belonged to your father! I can’t let it go!”

“What’s the alternative?” Ivy snapped back.

“Talk to Haoyu! He’ll help us!” Grace responded, as if this was the most reasonable solution in the world. 

Ivy’s temper flared. “Seriously, Mom? You think that’s suitable? Do you have any idea how humiliating this is for me?”

She couldn’t bear to stay in the room any longer and rushed out, colliding with Ethan Clark, who had just walked in. 

Ivy shot him an awkward glance before hurrying away, her heart heavy with the mess that had just unraveled.