**Selling the House**

“What’s wrong?” Ethan Clark asked, gently gripping Ivy Gonzalez’s arm and leaning down slightly to look into her reddened eyes.

Ivy’s gaze fell to the pristine shoes underfoot. Ethan’s leather shoes were polished to perfection and clearly expensive, while her own well-worn pair was shedding at the toes. Embarrassment washed over her, and she instinctively pulled her arm away, creating a little distance between them. 

“I’m fine,” she forced a smile, “I just didn’t sleep well last night. A bit tired, that’s all.”

Ethan didn’t press her for details but continued to watch her intently, his curious gaze unwavering. The two of them stood awkwardly facing each other, creating an atmosphere that could easily be mistaken for a couple in a silent standoff after a disagreement.

Leaning against the wall, Ivy’s eyes wandered from his perfectly pressed shirt to the slight bulge of muscles in his forearm, finally resting on the burn mark on his arm. 

Her brow furrowed as she reached out gently to examine his injury. “You haven’t seen a doctor yet? It’s been a week, and it doesn’t look like it’s healing.”

Ethan tilted his head, a playful smirk on his face as he seemed unfazed by the state of his arm. Passersby shot curious glances at the striking pair, and Ivy felt the heat of embarrassment rise again. Ethan stood tall, his long legs drawing attention as much as his handsome face.

Sighing, Ivy said, “Let’s go. I’ll take you to the doctor on the first floor.”

When they entered the clinic, the doctor’s eyes lit up at the sight of them. After all, who wouldn’t remember a duo like this? But his smile faded when he saw Ethan’s arm. “Why did it take you so long to come in? Now the scar will be even more prominent.”

Ethan remained silent, glancing at Ivy, who was frowning and focused on his injury. Inside, he felt a rush of happiness.

As they left the examination room, the doctor reminded them, “Don’t let it get wet!”

Turning to Ivy, Ethan slightly bowed in gratitude to the doctor and then noticed her squinting at him, a mischievous tone in her voice. “Remember! If you keep messing up like this, scars are ugly.”

Ethan grinned, playfully waving his freshly bandaged arm in front of her face. “Ugly? Really ugly?”

Ivy leaned back, feigning disgust as she lightly pushed his hand away. “So childish!” she declared as she started walking ahead.

Chuckling, Ethan followed her out to the park beside the hospital. In the center of the park was a large, shimmering lake, glistening under the gentle breeze.

Ivy plopped down onto the grass, stretching her legs out and propping herself up on her elbows, staring out at the water as her mind began to wander. She had just had a fight with her mom that morning, leaving her feeling frustrated and angry—not just at her mom, but also at herself for not being able to resolve their issues. But after spending time with Ethan, her mood had definitely improved.

Looking up at Ethan, who was still standing awkwardly, she raised an eyebrow. 

Ethan was scanning the grass, seeming hesitant to join her. 

Ivy broke into a grin. “Do you need a napkin to sit on, big guy?” She pulled a tissue from her pocket and laid it on the ground, patting it lightly.

Finally, Ethan felt at ease enough to sit down, clearing his throat awkwardly. “I just didn’t want to sit on bugs.”

Ivy shot him an incredulous look. A guy built like him scared of bugs? Seriously? She nodded, pretending to understand, and then turned her gaze back to the lake.

The breeze from the water was refreshing, and Ivy began to feel drowsy, slowly closing her eyes.

Ethan rested his hands on his knees, glancing sideways at Ivy. The light scent of mint wafted from her, surprisingly pleasant. He realized he didn’t dislike it as much as he thought he would. In fact, he was actually starting to enjoy her company more than he had anticipated.

Suddenly, Ivy jumped up, brushing grass off her pants. “I’ve made up my mind. I’m selling the house.”

Ethan raised an eyebrow, not expecting that. “What? Why?”

“I need to sell it to pay off my debts,” she explained, a serious expression on her face. “I love that house; it has so many memories with my dad. But what’s a memory worth, really? I should be thankful it’s worth something at all. Otherwise, I wouldn’t know how to find that much money.”

Ethan sensed her pain. “You’re not going back to the hospital?”

“Nope,” she replied, determination etched on her face. “I’m going back to make some money.”

Ethan quickly stood up, unable to resist teasing her. “You know, it might be faster to just handle me instead. I’m worth more, you know?” 

Ivy rolled her eyes but couldn’t help but smile at his goofy charm. “You wish!” 

And just like that, the weight of their day-to-day worries seemed just a little lighter.