**Title: The Night at the Tavern**

It was just another Friday night at The Tipsy Tavern when Ivy Gonzalez strutted in, and let me tell you, heads turned like she was the main event. Everyone was sneaking glances at her, drinking in her dazzling look like she was the last slice of pizza at a party. 

Standing behind the bar, Lily was rolling her eyes as she wiped down the counter, clearly unimpressed with Ivy’s latest attempt at “dressing to the nines.” But Ivy? She was loving the attention. Why not flaunt what you’ve got, right?

Emma Ward, the ever-enthusiastic friend, rushed over, giving Ivy a thorough once-over. “Girl, you look amazing! That dress is totally you!” she exclaimed, all smiles.

Then there was Michael Wood, who shot Ivy a quick look and remarked, “You’re a bit much, aren’t you?” His tone was as dry as a piece of toast.

Emma playfully slapped his shoulder. “What do you know, Mr. Guitar Hero? Just wait till you’re old and still strumming away!”

Ivy just laughed at their banter, soaking in the good vibes.

Suddenly, everyone’s attention shifted to the front door, and a chorus of “Boss Su!” rang out. Now, Boss Su was the owner of the tavern, known for his impressive collection of spirits and a knack for hosting the wildest karaoke nights.

Curiosity piqued, Ivy turned to see who was causing the buzz. In the dim light, she could barely make out a tall, lanky figure making their way inside. But when the light hit just right, Ivy gasped. No way! It was him!

Sophia Bennett, her old acquaintance, strolled in sporting those signature gold-frame glasses, a gray tee, and white pants. He looked as fresh as a daisy. 

“Ivy! I didn’t expect to see you here! Emma said there’s a new singer, but I didn’t think it’d be you! Didn’t you have that interview?” he asked, surprise written all over his face.

Ugh, just mentioning that interview made Ivy’s mood sink. “Let’s not talk about that. This place is great, though!” she replied, trying to keep it light.

As the night went on, Ivy and Michael took the stage. The crowd wasn’t just there for the music; they were riveted by Ivy’s performance. Phones flashed as she belted out one song after another, and the energy in the room was electric. 

After three songs, Ivy turned to Michael, seeking his nod of approval for more. He gave her the thumbs up, and she gripped the mic tighter, ready to wow the crowd again.

But then she noticed Ethan Clark in the corner, his gaze fixed on her, arms crossed, looking like he’d just bitten into a lemon. That icy glare sent shivers down her spine. 

Once the song wrapped up, Ivy carefully stepped off the stage, her dress swaying gently. Sophia was quick to lend a hand, but Ivy’s focus was elsewhere, locked on Ethan as he made his way through the crowd.

“Ethan?” Sophia asked, surprised to see him there.

Ignoring Sophia entirely, Ethan reached for Ivy’s wrist, his grip firm as he pulled her closer. “Come with me.”

“Hey! What are you doing?” Ivy winced at the pressure, trying to free herself from his grasp, but there was no budging him. 

Ethan’s voice dropped to a low growl. “Do you want to come with me or not?”

Ivy felt utterly confounded. Was this guy serious? Did he really think she’d just follow him around like a lost puppy after their wedding? 

They stared at each other, the tension thick as molasses. Around them, the audience began to whisper, eyes darting back and forth like they were watching a tennis match.

With an irritated sigh, Ivy decided she had enough of this awkward standoff. She turned on her heel and headed for the exit, ignoring Ethan completely.

Sophia watched the two walk away, a smirk creeping onto his face. “Looks like someone’s a little possessive,” he quipped to Emma. “You might need to find a new singer.”

And just like that, the night at The Tipsy Tavern took an unexpected twist, leaving everyone wondering what drama would unfold next.