**Reunion with an Old Classmate**

Just as Ivy Gonzalez was about to let loose, she heard a voice booming from the doorway. It was her Aunt Rita, marching in with a food container in one hand, her presence loud enough to wake the dead. Seriously, the woman could probably be heard two streets over.

“Look who it is!” Aunt Rita scoffed, spitting out words like they were venom, “I thought I was seeing things! This house belongs to my brother, and who says we can’t stay here?!”

Grace Peterson, Ivy’s mother, caught sight of Aunt Rita and immediately ducked behind the car seat, hoping to avoid the inevitable confrontation. She had learned over the years that when Aunt Rita showed up, it was best to keep a low profile. After all, she had once naively believed that Aunt Rita’s marriage to someone from the next village would mellow her out. Spoiler alert: it didn’t. Aunt Rita had a talent for stirring the pot and had done a number on Grace’s relationship with her mother-in-law.

Ivy shot her aunt a cold glare, rolling her eyes dramatically. “What’s the matter, Aunt Rita? You think this is about you? News flash: this house is legally mine! Either you pack up and leave, or I’ll have to kick you out myself!”

Aunt Rita looked taken aback, clearly not expecting her once meek niece to stand up for herself. She huffed, slamming the food container down like it was a judge's gavel, her temper flaring. “Who do you think you are, talking to me like that? Your mother has to mind her manners around me!”

Just then, a large shadow fell over Ivy. Ethan Clark, her friend and unexpected knight in shining armor, stepped in front of her, his calm demeanor contrasting sharply with the storm brewing behind him. Aunt Rita, taken aback by his imposing presence, stumbled back a bit.

“Who are you?” she demanded, trying to regain her composure. “This is family business! Stay out of it!”

Ivy smirked, her confidence swelling. “Who he is doesn’t concern you! This isn’t just your family drama anymore!”

Aunt Rita opened her mouth to retort, but then thought better of it—she knew if things got physical, she’d be in over her head and her son wasn’t about to jump in. Instead, she grabbed a broom, waving it like a wand of authority. “Both of you, get out of here!”

Oliver Wright, Aunt Rita’s son, hastily made his exit behind her, slamming the door just as Ivy and Ethan were pushed outside. Ivy stumbled slightly but managed to regain her balance thanks to Ethan’s steady hand.

Once outside, Ivy turned around and let loose a string of expletives. "They think they can just bully us out of our own home!"

Ethan’s gaze remained steady and cool, “Let’s find a hotel, we’ll figure this out later.” 

As they got into the car, Ivy felt the heat of anger rising in her cheeks. “Did you guys ever agree to let them stay here?”

Grace shook her head vigorously, “Of course not! I’m not that clueless!” 

Ivy clenched the water bottle in her hand, fuming. “Dealing with bullies like that? You have to be tough!”

After a few frustrating laps around town looking for a decent hotel, they finally settled on one that looked somewhat decent. The long day had worn them out, and Grace was fast asleep the moment her head hit the pillow.

Ivy tiptoed out of the room and down the hall, only to come face-to-face with a couple engaged in some not-so-subtle PDA. Rolling her eyes, she quickly descended the stairs, determined to grab some snacks from the lobby. 

Spying Ethan slumped in a corner, looking like he had the weight of the world on his shoulders, Ivy felt a twinge of sympathy. She hesitated for a moment, thinking about how embarrassing today had been, but she walked over anyway.

“First time witnessing family drama like that?” she asked, trying to break the tension.

“Definitely. If I hadn’t followed you, you’d have been in big trouble,” Ethan replied, a smirk tugging at the corners of his mouth.

“Please, I could’ve handled it myself,” Ivy shot back, crossing her arms defiantly.

Just then, chaos erupted at the front desk. A frantic young mother clad in a pink top and skirt was shouting for the staff to give her the room number of a man she accused of cheating on her. “Please! I need to know where he is! He’s with another woman!” 

Ivy squinted, her heart dropping as she recognized the woman. “Olivia Price? Is that you?”

Olivia turned, her eyes lighting up with recognition. “Ivy! I didn’t expect to see you here! I really need your help. I need to find that jerk before he escapes!”

Ivy felt a mix of compassion and dread. “Okay, let’s go find him.” 

With Olivia in tow, Ivy felt the weight of the world pressing down on her. She remembered Olivia as the sweet, gentle girl from high school, not someone who deserved to be treated like this. 

They arrived at the correct room, and Ivy could feel her heart racing. “This is it,” she said, pointing at the door.

Taking a deep breath, she knocked three times. 

Silence.

“Hello?! Is anyone in there?” she called out, pounding harder.

Suddenly, a gruff voice came from inside. “What do you want?!”

With a swift motion, Ethan pushed the door open, allowing Olivia to storm in, water jug in hand. “How could you do this to me? I’m at home with our kid every day, and you’re out here playing house with someone else?!” 

And just like that, the night went from bad to worse, as Ivy watched the drama unfold before her eyes.