**Unexpected Encounter: A Night at the Supermarket**

"Come on!" 

Ethan Clark crouched down, bringing himself to Ivy Gonzalez's eye level. With a teasing smile, he gently pinched her cheek. The guy had been grumpy all day, and his stomach was growling like a bear. He was either mad at himself for not being able to stick by Sophia Bennett's side or frustrated with Ivy for not getting him.

It was the middle of the night, and the supermarket was buzzing with people. This was the only large store in town that stayed open late, a favorite for all the young folks who couldn’t find time to shop during the day.

As soon as they stepped into the supermarket, Ethan grabbed Ivy’s hand and made a beeline for the food aisle. 

"You know you’re allergic to seafood, right? We can’t buy any of this," he muttered, scanning the shelves as they walked.

Ethan was a seafood lover—he could eat shrimp and crab all day long. He’d even traveled overseas just to feast on fresh catches straight from the ocean. But ever since Ivy started living with him, seafood had mysteriously vanished from their home.

"Do you like seafood?" Ivy asked, stopping in front of the seafood section. "Just because I can’t eat it doesn’t mean you shouldn’t buy it."

Ethan raised an eyebrow and shot back, "Not really." 

He pulled her along to the snack aisle, where she’d often pull out goodies from her bag at home—sweet treats and various puffed snacks. Ethan wasn’t a big fan of junk food, especially anything overly sweet.

Before long, their shopping cart was overflowing. If it hadn’t been for Ivy’s attempts to rein him in, the trunk of his car would’ve been stuffed to the brim.

Looking back at the cart, Ivy teased, "We’ll be eating this until it’s expired!"

"Don’t worry, you’ve got this!" Ethan chuckled.

But when he glanced over, he noticed Ivy wasn’t listening; her eyes were glued to the window. 

"Stop the car! Quick! That looks like Emma!" Ivy shouted.

Ethan swerved the wheel and parked on the side of the road, both of them jumping out of the car.

A few meters away on the sidewalk, Emma Ward was in trouble. A burly middle-aged man had a grip on her hair, forcing her to stand up as he slapped her across the face repeatedly. Emma appeared helpless, her legs barely supporting her as she hung there, receiving one brutal hit after another.

As Ivy approached, she could hear the man yelling, “You’re out here flirting again! Where’s my money? You don’t want to see your son again, do you?”

"Stop it!" Ivy yelled, her voice strong and unwavering.

The man turned, surprised to see a woman confronting him. But when he noticed Ethan, a tall figure behind her, he quickly shut his mouth and released Emma’s hair. She crumpled to the ground as he kicked her one last time, sneering, “You’ve got three days. If I don’t see the money, you’ll regret it!”

Ivy rushed to help Emma up, noticing blood dripping from her lip and the bruises starting to swell on her cheeks. It was a heartbreaking sight.

With one arm around Emma and the other around Ivy, they managed to get her to the car.

Later, Emma lay in a hospital bed, staring blankly at the ceiling. Every time she closed her eyes, the memory of that brutal encounter replayed in her mind, sending tremors through her body. For a fleeting moment, she thought that dying wouldn’t be so bad—at least she wouldn’t have to endure this pain anymore.

This felt like a never-ending nightmare, one she couldn’t wake up from. She regretted not listening to her parents when they warned her against marrying that guy, insisting that her so-called true love would save her. Instead, the reality of married life suffocated her, and the worst part was that every time he lost money, he’d come home and take it out on her.

Emma had thought she could get custody of her son, but in the end, her ex-husband won. He knew how much she loved their boy, so he used him to extort money from her—thousands at a time, multiple times a month. This time, when she didn’t have the cash, he came after her.

After a while, she spoke softly, "He’s my ex. He always comes to me for money to gamble. If I don’t give him money, he beats me and threatens to keep me from seeing our son." Tears streamed down her face as she covered her bruised cheeks.

Looking up at Ivy and Ethan, she pleaded, “Please don’t tell anyone at the bar about this.”

"But you can’t just let this happen!" Ivy protested, her anger flaring. She couldn’t even imagine what would have happened if they hadn’t stumbled upon Emma.

Emma shook her head, crying. "I’ve done everything I can. It’s useless. All I want is to see my son."

Ivy wanted to push Emma to seek help, but Ethan gently interrupted. “Let her rest for now,” he suggested, guiding Ivy out of the room.

Once in the hospital corridor, Ivy huffed, pulling her hand away from his grip. "So you think it’s okay for her to just endure this?"

Ethan looked into her eyes, trying to convey understanding. “No, it’s not okay. But as long as her son is with her ex, she won’t be able to make the hard choices. It’s up to her to decide what to do next.”

Feeling the sudden closeness, Ivy instinctively stepped back, her back hitting the cold wall. Maybe Ethan had a point. 

With a sigh, she let her head droop, her hair brushing against Ethan’s chin as she murmured, “Why is life so hard?”

Ethan reached out, gently stroking the back of her head. “We’ll find a way through this.” 

And just like that, amidst the chaos of the night, a glimmer of hope began to shine through.