**Title: The Brawl at the Tavern**

Ivy Gonzalez was cruising down the highway, mentally preparing herself for a visit back to her hometown. After a full day of lounging around, she found herself standing in front of her floor-to-ceiling windows, watching the sunset paint the sky in shades of orange and gray-blue. By the time the silver crescent moon peeked out, she had smoked three cigarettes and decided it was time to pay Grace Peterson a visit. It had been way too long since she'd last seen her.

Company drama? No problem! Ivy was ready to reclaim her account and go solo. She was done with being at the mercy of her boss's whims—especially when it came to making money.

With determination, she stubbed out her cigarette and pulled out her suitcase. After a recent decluttering spree, packing up her essentials was a breeze. Just a few minutes later, she was ready to hit the road.

That’s when Ivy's phone buzzed with a text from Emma Ward. In her eagerness, she nearly swerved into a lamppost. The message read: *"Hurry! Ethan Clark just got into a fight at the tavern!"*

What? She couldn’t believe her eyes. Ethan, the big shot CEO of a powerful company, throwing punches? And Sophia Bennett, the local celebrity tavern owner, involved? Talk about a plot twist!

Curiosity piqued, Ivy spun the steering wheel and headed back into town.

Meanwhile, Ethan and Sophia were sitting in the police station, not talking to each other. Emma, sitting awkwardly nearby, was too grateful to Ethan for recently helping her find a lawyer for her custody battle to say anything about his behavior. She kept glancing at her phone, waiting for Ivy to arrive and save the day.

When Ivy barged in, all eyes turned to her. One of the officers asked, “Who are you?”

“She’s family,” Ethan replied nonchalantly.

Ivy was taken aback. Family? Sure, she had always acted as Grace's family in these situations, but hearing Ethan call her "family" made her feel a bit strange—like she had itchy skin.

As they waited for the paperwork to be sorted out, Ivy’s eyes scanned the room, landing on the bruise blooming on Sophia's cheek. The sight made her stomach drop. Sophia quickly ducked her head, but Ivy caught on; Ethan had clearly packed a punch, and that bruise wasn’t going away anytime soon.

The officer handed her a form and advised, “You should really talk to him. People need to communicate, not fight! Luckily, no one is pressing charges. Just sign here, and we can all go home.”

Ivy shot a glare at Ethan. So, he hadn’t apologized even in front of the cops? What a stubborn jerk. After signing, she yanked Ethan’s sleeve and dragged him out of the station.

Once outside, she couldn’t help but ask, “You really hit him?”

Ethan muttered a low, “Yeah,” clearly not in the mood to elaborate.

“Why?” Ivy pressed.

“He had it coming!” he growled through clenched teeth.

Ivy rolled her eyes. This was not the Ethan she knew. True, he had his temper, but he was usually diplomatic in public and never resorted to violence. What was going on?

Sighing internally, she turned to Sophia. “I’m really sorry for what happened. Ethan was wrong to hit you. Your face...” She didn’t get to finish before Ethan slapped a hand over her mouth.

Ivy’s eyes widened in disbelief, and she swatted his hand away. “Can you act normal for once?!”

Sophia, looking even more sheepish, murmured, “It’s okay; I probably deserved it.”

Ivy shot Ethan a glare. “See? Even she thinks it’s not cool.”

Ethan just shrugged and headed to the car, slamming the door behind him without a backward glance at Sophia. Emma, watching the scene unfold, was too stunned to add anything until Ivy turned to leave, at which point she leaned in and whispered, “This might have something to do with a girl named Noah Scott.”

Noah Scott? Ivy had never heard that name before, but now it was buzzing in her mind like a pesky fly. What on earth had Ethan gotten himself into?