**Wedding Day Shenanigans**

Ethan Clark had Ivy Gonzalez on his arm as they meandered through a narrow alley, finally arriving at a tiny little noodle shop that specialized in beef noodles. It was the kind of place that felt like a hidden gem, if you could ignore the slightly questionable hygiene. The owner greeted them with the enthusiasm of someone who had just won the lottery, gesturing for them to sit down.

The decor screamed vintage—worn tables that glistened from all the elbow grease, and walls covered with faded posters. One particularly eye-catching poster showed a young Ethan standing next to the shop owner, both of them beaming like they were on the cover of a magazine.

Ivy raised an eyebrow, surprised to find this place so close to the hospital. It was small, but a steady stream of customers kept filtering in, forcing Ivy to shift her chair every time someone passed by.

Just then, a mom and her rambunctious five-year-old burst through the door, causing a ruckus. The little boy was a bundle of energy, bouncing on the chairs and zooming down the narrow aisles. His mother, glued to her phone, seemed blissfully unaware of the chaos her son was causing.

Ivy, not particularly fond of kids, rolled her eyes. If the kid were a little more well-behaved, she might’ve found him charming, but this one was a little monster!

Noticing Ivy’s growing impatience, Ethan suggested, “Hey, why don’t you come sit over here? I’ll swap with you.”

Grateful, Ivy jumped at the chance to escape. Just as she settled into her new seat, the owner came out with two steaming bowls of noodles, calling out, “Watch out! Noodles coming through!”

But in the madness of shifting seats, no one noticed the little boy squatting right in the path. The owner tripped, and before anyone could react, the hot noodles went flying everywhere, splattering Ethan’s arm in the process.

“Ah!” Ethan yelped as the scalding broth turned his pale skin a bright red. Ivy glanced over just in time to see his face contort in pain.

With quick reflexes, she grabbed his unscathed hand and yelled, “Let’s get you to the hospital!”

Before Ethan could even process what was happening, Ivy was dragging him out of the shop and toward the emergency room.

Once there, the doctor took one look at Ethan’s arm and said, “Oh boy, this is going to blister up. We need to take care of this right away.”

Ivy winced at the sight of the blisters forming. “If it hurts, just scream. Don’t hold back,” she advised.

Ethan, trying to maintain his dignity, forced a grin. “It’s not that bad,” he lied, even though he felt like his arm was on fire.

The doctor raised an eyebrow, clearly not buying it, before he proceeded to poke at the blisters. Ethan’s scream echoed through the bustling hospital, making Ivy jump before she couldn’t help but laugh.

Once the doctor finished bandaging him up, he turned to Ivy. “Okay, someone needs to pick up the prescription in three days.”

Ivy blinked, confused. “Wait, who’s the family member here?”

The doctor looked at her impatiently. “Aren’t you the family member?”

“Uh, she’s not,” Ethan chimed in, his tone deadpan.

“I’m not either!” Ivy shot back at the same time, both of them sounding like they were in a sitcom.

Ethan’s serious expression softened as he glanced at Ivy. “We are technically married, you know.”

Ivy felt a weird mix of acceptance and annoyance. Sure, they’d signed the papers, but that didn’t mean she was ready to be anyone’s family member just yet. She felt a twinge of guilt seeing his injured arm—after all, it was her idea to switch seats.

Sighing, she accepted the “family member” role, took the prescription slip, and hustled out to pay.

As Ethan watched her go, the doctor, sensing the tension, said, “Having a bit of a spat, huh? No need to hurt yourself over it!”

Ethan chuckled softly, rubbing his arm. “You have no idea.”

Meanwhile, Ivy stood at the back of a long line at the pharmacy, rolling her eyes at the wait. It felt like an eternity, and soon a crowd formed behind her. As she eavesdropped on gossip from the people in front, she couldn’t shake the feeling that someone was staring at her.

Turning her head, she caught Ethan’s gaze from across the room. He was scanning the chaos, a look of amusement on his face. 

She felt a rush of emotions—familiar yet confounding. Just a few days ago, she’d asked her friends, including Sarah, why Ethan had chosen to marry her. The answer? “Sometimes, there’s no reason.”

But Ivy refused to believe that. People liked things for reasons! Just like she liked her cat because it was fluffy and her dog because it wagged its tail. How could there be no reason for liking a person?

As Ethan made his way through the bustling crowd toward her, Ivy instinctively tightened her lips. 

He arrived, pulling her aside into a quieter corner. Then, without any warning, he revealed a silver ring from his pocket and slipped it onto her left hand. 

Ivy’s eyes widened, her mouth half-open in shock. “What are you doing?!” she stammered, trying to pull her hand back, but he held it firmly.

Deep down, she didn’t want to embarrass herself in public, but the situation felt absurd. “Seriously, Ethan?” she thought, exasperated.

Yet, deep inside, she couldn’t help but feel a flutter of something as she stared at the ring, realizing that this day was turning out to be anything but ordinary.