**Title: The Secret Code of the Apartment**

It had been a chilly day, and the vibe in the building was as cold as the weather. After Ivy Gonzalez and her friends left, Michael Wood and his colleague, Luna, were wrapping up for the day. They walked out together, Michael striding confidently ahead with his guitar slung over his back, while Luna struggled to keep up, her breath visible in the crisp air.

“Michael!” Luna finally called out, panting a little as she reached him. She stretched her hand out to him, desperate for a breather. 

Michael glanced lazily at her icy-red hands and, with a smirk, grabbed her hand and continued walking. Luna's heart raced—not just from the cold, but from the unexpected connection.

Meanwhile, Ivy was back home, her mind swirling with thoughts about Ethan Clark. Did she really like him because of how sweet he was or was it something else? As she stepped into her steamy bathroom, the mirror fogged up, and she wiped it clear to see her flushed cheeks from both the heat and the wine she had earlier. Maybe it wasn’t just admiration; perhaps it was a little bit of desire mixed with the thrill of his attention.

After her shower, wrapped in her cozy pajamas, Ivy dove into her bed, pulling the warm covers up to her chin. Winter was definitely best spent snuggled up under layers of blankets!

As she drifted in and out of sleep, she felt the bed dip beside her. The covers were suddenly yanked away, and a blast of cold air hit her, causing her to curl up instinctively. But then, someone wrapped their arms around her waist, pulling her close, and she felt the warmth return. 

“Back already?” she mumbled, half-asleep, and then slipped back into the comfort of slumber. 

Ethan Clark gave a soft “yeah” in response, brushing his fingers against her cheek as he admired her peaceful face. After a few moments of watching her sleep, he quietly got up, headed to his own room, and locked the door behind him. 

Opening his computer, he clicked on a secret folder labeled “Memories.” Inside was a collection of photos featuring him and his best friend, Noah Scott, sorted chronologically. Each picture told a story—some were blurry snapshots of her, others were vivid captures of their adventures together. 

But everything changed when Noah was in that terrible accident. She spent three agonizing months in the hospital, trapped on a ventilator, begging Ethan to let her go, to die with dignity. He couldn’t agree; the thought of losing her drove him to madness. 

Sophia Bennett, another friend, had promised Noah she would help her, and when Ethan arrived at the hospital, it was too late. He fell apart, crying uncontrollably at her bedside, and no one dared to disturb him. 

At Noah's funeral, Ethan was a shell of his former self—gaunt and lost in grief. He stood in the corner, growling warnings at anyone who got too close, especially Sophia. 

Then came Ivy, and seeing her perform in a bar stirred something in him. She reminded him of Noah, and that twisted feeling of nostalgia and loss mixed with new attraction gnawed at him.

The next morning, Ivy woke up to find Ethan had already slipped away. She sat up, glancing at his pillow, and thought about how she was getting used to having him around. Maybe it was time to figure out what it meant to be a partner.

When she met with lawyer Mr. Lee, she was surprised. “Hey there! Didn’t expect to see you like this,” she said, shaking his hand with a polite smile. This was her fifth consultation, and she was hoping this one would go better. 

Mr. Lee remained calm, gesturing for her to sit as he mentally praised his boss for predicting Ivy’s visit. As they discussed her case, Ivy explained her situation, and while some legal jargon flew over her head, she was pleasantly surprised by how affordable his fees were.

Mr. Lee chuckled, “Ms. Lei is a friend of mine, and your online fame is a bonus for me. If we win, we both gain something here.” 

Ivy laughed lightly, thinking he was the first lawyer she’d met who seemed so down-to-earth. As she left, she casually asked about his new apartment, sharing her own annoyance about the loud dance parties downstairs.

Mr. Lee faltered, “Oh, uh, yeah, it’s... fine.” He avoided her gaze, clearly flustered.

Once Ivy was out the door, Mr. Lee quickly messaged Ethan on his phone. “Boss, can we skip the acting next time? I almost revealed your secret!”

Meanwhile, James Miller was briefing Ethan on upcoming work events. “You’re invited to a dinner this Saturday, should I RSVP?” he asked, looking at the calendar.

Ethan raised his eyebrows. “This Saturday? That’s New Year’s Eve.” He smirked, “Great timing for a party.”

“By the way, Lucas Smith resigned yesterday,” James added, keeping a close eye on Ethan’s reaction.

“Typical,” Ethan said, handing over some signed papers. “She didn’t need to be here anyway.”

Later, Ethan picked up his phone and saw Mr. Lee's message. “Did you forget who brought in the big cases?” he replied, smirking.

Mr. Lee nearly saluted his screen. “Understood, boss! I’m on it!” 

Ethan chuckled to himself, realizing Ivy had indeed made her way into his world. As he prepared to leave the office, James was left stunned—Ethan was actually getting off work early again, something that used to be unheard of! 

And just like that, the code to their little apartment and lives was beginning to unfold.