**Title: A Family Dinner Gone Awry**

Ethan Clark was headed back to his family's old house for lunch, and as he pulled into the driveway, the butler, Mr. Wu, came rushing over with a big smile, ready to open the door. 

“Sir!” he said, holding an umbrella over Ethan’s head. “Your mother is waiting for you in the living room!”

Ethan took the umbrella with a sigh, reminding Mr. Wu, “It’s slippery out here with all this snow. No need to run.”

Mr. Wu nodded earnestly, a little too eager to please.

Once inside, Ethan’s mother, Mrs. Xu, couldn’t help but show her excitement at seeing her son. But of course, she had to squeeze in a bit of nagging too. “You hardly come home anymore! If I hadn’t called you to come for lunch, would you have waited until New Year’s Eve to show up?”

She grabbed his hand and glanced behind him, raising an eyebrow. “Where’s Ivy? You didn’t bring her with you?” She smirked. “I told you, girls from her background can be so... unrefined! Am I going to have to check her out myself?”

Ethan chose silence, handing his coat to a servant and plopping down on the couch. “Where’s Dad?” he asked, looking around.

“Oh, he’s in England for some lecture or something,” she said while bustling around, ordering the staff to bring out lunch. “Now stop lazing around and come eat! It’s freezing, and if you don’t eat now, you’ll just have to heat everything up again later!”

As she piled his favorite dishes in front of him, she couldn’t resist the urge to get a few words in. “This morning, Chloe sent me photos of your New Year’s Eve together,” she said, putting her chopsticks down to pull out her phone. “Look at this! You two look so great together!”

Ethan kept his eyes on his food, trying to ignore her. “Mom, I’m married now. Why are we discussing this?”

He knew his mom wasn’t thrilled about Ivy. She thought Ivy was just trying to climb the social ladder, but Ethan couldn’t care less. As long as Ivy was by his side, he was fine.

Mrs. Xu, sensing the tension, quickly put her phone away but continued to defend Chloe. “So what if you’re married? Chloe divorced her husband to come back to you! I thought I’d hit the jackpot with her as a daughter-in-law, and now you’re with someone who—”

“Enough!” Ethan slammed his bowl down, the ceramic bouncing before crashing to the floor. The sound echoed through the room, and Mrs. Xu flinched, her eyes wide.

The servant near them jumped, scared out of his wits. Ethan, face cold as ice, shot a glare at his mother. “Maybe you should take a page out of Dad’s book and stop worrying about me so much.”

Those words cut deep. Mrs. Xu trembled, feeling the weight of all her sacrifices for him, only to be met with disdain. For years, Mr. Xu had been a distant father, claiming he was giving Ethan freedom while really just ignoring him. And here was Ethan, favoring his father for it.

Throwing her chopsticks down, Mrs. Xu stormed out, pointing at his back. “What’s the point of raising you if you won’t listen to me?”

With a heavy heart, Ethan paused, turning back to her. “I’ll compromise on everything else, but this? You have to accept that I’m married to Ivy.”

She stood there, frozen, watching as his car disappeared into the snowy landscape.

Meanwhile, Jason Brooks, Ethan's driver, was taking it slow on the slick roads. Ethan glanced at a nearby shopping mall as they drove past, noticing the sparse crowd outside. An idea popped into his head, and he picked up his phone. “Jason, swing by that mall this afternoon. I’ll send you a list on WhatsApp. Don’t mess up the brand for the hawthorn cake; Ivy loves that stuff!”

He was planning a grand dinner for Ivy, hoping to impress her with his cooking like he used to. Usually, she loved his meals, and he was certain it would lift her spirits.

Back at the mall, Ivy Gonzalez was having her own crisis. She was clutching a pillar, looking like she might freeze solid. But Lucas Smith’s words echoed in her head, making her restless. 

“Why is he marrying me? Can’t you just explain that?”

Ivy was trying to keep herself from being dragged away, but Lucas signaled to his henchmen, and they easily restrained her. 

As the elevator doors closed, Ivy felt a wave of panic. “My phone!” she thought, spotting it just in reach. She stealthily grabbed it with her free hand, but Lucas was quick to snatch it away before she could even unlock it. 

He looked at the glowing screen, revealing a picture of her and Ethan smiling together. He scoffed at how convincingly they played their little romantic game. If Ivy wasn’t happy, then Ethan wouldn’t be either. He didn’t deserve it.

Ding! The elevator doors opened, and Ivy let out a sigh of relief. They weren’t on the top floor, so she wouldn’t have to deal with any dramatic throw-you-off-the-building scenarios. 

This floor was a movie theater. Lucas stepped out, and out of nowhere, a sharply dressed man appeared, leading them inside while Ivy was unceremoniously pushed along behind.

Ivy was bewildered. There was not a single person in the theater, and the man acted like it was a normal day. “Excuse me, sir, could you call the cops for me?” she pleaded, but he just dodged her as if she were a fly.

They walked down a long corridor until they stopped at Theater 6. “Ms. Li,” the man said, nodding, “everything is ready inside.”

Ivy was completely lost, glancing nervously at Lucas. “Wait, what are you planning?”

Lucas smirked and turned to the goons. “Throw her in!”

“Wait!!!” Ivy shouted, panic rising in her throat. “I’ve helped you before! I got you new pants when yours were soaked! Is this how you treat good people?”

Lucas took a deep breath, his voice firm. “I’m helping you!”

Before she could protest further, the goons tossed Ivy into the pitch-black theater, the door slamming shut behind her. 

And just like that, everything spiraled into chaos.