**He’s Sick**

It was Ivy Gonzalez’s third meal of hot pot in a row. After returning from the café, she had just timed it perfectly with dinner, only to see her mom, Grace Peterson, walk out of the kitchen with a bubbling pot of broth.

Noticing Ivy’s indifferent expression, Grace assumed her daughter was about to complain about more hot pot. “It’s cold outside, and hot pot is just so convenient,” she said, putting down the pot with a shrug. “And I made a new broth, not the one from yesterday!”

In Grace’s limited culinary repertoire, hot pot was her go-to. It was quick, easy, and if it didn’t taste great, she could always blame it on the sauce.

Ivy, however, was lost in her thoughts, sitting on the couch like a statue. She hadn’t really heard her mother’s words; all she could think about was the drive back from that city and the nagging question: Did I really just say I wanted a divorce?

Was this ridiculous and absurd marriage really coming to an end? It felt surreal, just like the day she’d said “I do” to Ethan Clark. The words of her friend, Ethan, echoed in her mind: “You should be thankful Noah Scott looks a bit like him.” That was it — she was convinced that divorcing him was the right move.

Ivy reassured herself that there was nothing worth holding onto; this was just the end of a marriage that had become a laughingstock. She walked over to the dining table and dug into the food.

Grace watched in confusion as Ivy gobbled down the food like it was going out of style. Unable to hold back, she said, “No one’s trying to steal your food, you know?”

Ivy continued stuffing her face, adding way too many chili peppers. Just as she popped one in her mouth, she started coughing, tears streaming down her face, splattering onto the table. Panicking, she stood up, covering her mouth, and bolted from the table.

Wiping her eyes, she muttered, “This chili is just extra spicy.”

“Really?” Grace said, popping a pepper into her own mouth. “Tastes the same as always to me. If you don’t like it, I’ll grab some from Olivia Price’s family. They say their peppers are the best.”

Watching her mother head back to the kitchen, Ivy felt a wave of loneliness wash over her. It seemed like her mom was the only one left who cared about her.

She rushed up behind Grace, wrapping her arms tightly around her mother’s waist. “Can I please just get a divorce?” Ivy’s voice cracked as she spoke.

Grace stiffened for a moment. From the moment Ivy returned with her bags, she had known this day would come. Patting Ivy’s hands, she said softly, “Whatever you decide, I’ll support you.”

Ivy had no desire to see Ethan again. 

Meanwhile, in a hospital room, a group of people surrounded a bed. The doctor stood next to the bed, explaining to a tearful Mrs. Xu, “Your son is malnourished and has been sleep-deprived for too long. His body is too weak right now.”

Mrs. Xu furrowed her brow in disbelief. How could her son possibly be malnourished? He was always so particular about his food!

Lying in the hospital bed, Ethan’s face was pale, his lips chapped, devoid of any color or life.

Mrs. Xu quickly called Jason Brooks over to get some answers. Jason knew the truth couldn’t be hidden any longer, so he admitted everything Ethan had been up to lately.

“He’s been drinking until the early hours every night?” Mrs. Xu felt the world spin around her, needing support to sit down in a nearby chair. Didn’t Noah Scott just pass away? How could Ethan be acting like this?

Looking around the room, Mrs. Xu noticed Ivy’s absence. “Where’s Ivy?” she demanded.

Jason shrugged; he hadn’t seen Ivy in days. “I don’t know where she is. Haven’t seen her around for a while.”

Mrs. Xu rolled her eyes. “Heartless! I told him not to marry someone like her!”

In the hospital hallway, Lucas Smith stood holding a bouquet of flowers, waiting for Mrs. Xu’s group to leave before making her entrance. She arranged the flowers in a vase, then pulled up a chair by Ethan’s bedside, staring blankly at the sickly figure before her.

Ethan looked worse than the last time he’d been in the hospital, his face contorted in pain, far from his usual charming self.

“You totally deserve this!” Lucas said, her voice lacking any real anger, more like a disappointed friend scolding him.

She gazed at his pale face and softly asked, “You really like her that much? More than you liked Noah?”

Ethan stayed silent, his lips pressed tightly together.

Lucas stood up, hands in her pockets, frustrated. “If you don’t get your act together soon, I’ll make things worse for her next time I see her.”

As she left the room, she bumped into James Miller. “Hey, Miss Lee, what’s wrong?” he noticed her red eyes.

Lucas shook her head, brushing him off as she walked away.

“Didn’t expect you to have these feelings,” Olivia Price commented as she watched Ivy set up her livestreaming equipment. 

“I used to do this too! Move the light over here,” Ivy replied, rolling up her sleeves to get to work.

Once everything was ready, the livestream kicked off, and Ivy’s account, which already had a good number of followers, saw an influx of excited comments.

“Hey, it’s been so long!” 
“Omg, she’s live again!” 
Some haters chimed in, questioning her motives. 
“Didn’t she just get married?” 
“Guess she’s back to chasing money!”

With a smile plastered on her face, Ivy pushed aside the negativity. She was here to help local farmers sell their products before they spoiled.

Diving into her pitch, she explained the various products, with Olivia giving her hints from off-screen. To her surprise, everything sold out almost instantly.

“Buy as much as you can! I’ll be doing this more often!” Ivy encouraged her fans.

After the stream, Olivia grabbed Ivy’s hands, beaming, “I can’t believe how popular you are!”

The livestream shot up the trending charts, and news of Ivy helping local farmers spread quickly, helping her regain her image. Even her old friends were sharing her stream.

With newfound attention, businesses were lining up to collaborate with Ivy. Her WhatsApp was blowing up with requests, but Ivy remained focused on the farmers for now.

Just then, her phone buzzed with a call from Lucas. Ivy hesitated but eventually picked up.

“Are you coming to see him?” Lucas asked.

Ivy was confused. “Why would I want to see him?”

“He’s in the hospital because of you. If you really don’t care, then don’t bother coming.”

Ivy hung up, standing frozen in place as Olivia noticed the shift in her demeanor. 

“What’s up? Something happen?” Olivia asked, sensing Ivy’s unease.

Ivy snapped back to reality, pacing in circles, unsure of what to do next.

Grace, sensing her daughter’s distress, asked if everything was okay, especially with the late drive back to that city looming ahead.

Ivy said nothing. Deep down, she knew she wasn’t heartless; the thought of Ethan lying in that hospital bed stirred something in her.