**Just a Tool for You**

It was New Year's Day, and everything felt fresh and new to Ivy Gonzalez. She and Liam Harris were chilling at a restaurant when someone knocked on the door. They both looked at each other, trying to avoid getting up.

Finally, Liam, with a resigned sigh, shuffled over to open the door.

“Who is it?” Ivy called out, noticing Liam was taking his sweet time.

“Oh! Just some nobody, I’ll send her packing!” Liam muttered as he pushed the door open.

“Hey! You’re not welcoming me?” Da Yingying, the unexpected visitor, wedged herself in the doorway, blocking Liam from shutting it.

Liam raised an eyebrow. “What are you doing here?”

Da Yingying laughed, “This isn’t your house, so why can’t I come in?”

Taking advantage of Liam’s distracted state, she shoved him back, causing him to stumble and land on his butt. Seeing him in such a clumsy position, she burst out laughing, “Are you even a guy? A little push and you’re down? Weak!”

Ivy hurried over, surprised to see Da Yingying. The two friends squealed and hugged each other tightly, totally thrilled to see one another.

Meanwhile, Liam was sitting on the floor, yelling, “Isn’t anyone going to help me?”

Finally, the two girls helped him up, one on each side.

As he wiggled his toes, Liam grumbled, “If I end up breaking my leg again, Da Yingying, I swear I’ll hate you forever!”

“Broke your leg?” Da Yingying glanced down at his legs, eyes wide with disbelief. “And you still managed to crawl over here? Impressive!”

Liam rolled his eyes, flopping down on the couch, peeking at Da Yingying. “You didn’t come here just to mooch off my food, did you?”

She shot him a look. “I’m not you.”

She called for the girls standing by the door to come in, and they lugged in two boxes. “We’re having a BBQ today! BBQ party!” she announced.

Ivy wrapped her arm around Da Yingying’s shoulder, exclaiming, “How did you know I was craving BBQ?!”

Before long, the charcoal was ready, and the backyard started to warm up. Even though it was chilly outside, BBQ made everything feel cozy.

Ivy was squatting at the door, happily munching on a chicken leg when a pair of long legs suddenly appeared in front of her. Looking up, she met Ethan Clark’s inscrutable gaze. Instinctively, she leaned back, but after squatting for too long, her legs went numb, and she toppled back onto the threshold.

Ethan reached down and pulled her up. “Cold out here.”

Ivy wriggled free, brushing off her clothes. “What are you doing here?”

Ethan was holding a bunch of goodies from Bella Collins. “Came for the BBQ.”

“Ivy, who are you talking to?” Da Yingying called out, bringing over some grilled chicken wings. She wasn’t surprised to see Ethan—after all, it was pretty normal for a son-in-law to greet his mother-in-law on New Year’s Day.

“Come on in! What are you standing out there for?” Da Yingying waved him in.

Ethan’s eyes flicked to the wings in her hands, and he glanced behind her, realizing they were already feasting. His heart sank a bit; he thought he was the only one who knew Ivy loved BBQ.

When he spotted Liam, his expression turned icy.

Ivy’s curiosity peaked as she noticed the stuff in Ethan’s hands. “What’s that?”

“Nothing,” he said, awkwardly trying to hide the bags behind him.

Ivy wasn’t having it and tugged on his arm, leaning in closer. She peeked into the bags and saw they were filled with BBQ meat.

Ethan’s gaze softened as he watched her excitement. “There’s more in the trunk...”

Ivy bit back a smile, seeing this adorable side of him. But then, she quickly regained her composure and looked up at him, saying, “Too bad you missed the party.”

Ethan raised an eyebrow, knowing it was awkward to ask to join in front of everyone. “Well, I guess I’ll just leave then.”

Da Yingying was quick to stop him. “Wait! The more, the merrier!”

Ethan stepped inside, eager to join the fun. After setting down his stuff, he turned to grab more from the trunk when Da Yingying called out, “Liam, go help him!”

Liam reluctantly put down his skewer, getting up slowly and awkwardly. 

Ivy chimed in, “He just broke his leg; he can’t help.”

With that, Liam felt justified to sit back down, thinking, “Ah, Ivy really does care about me!”

Da Yingying shot him a look of annoyance.

“I’ll go with you,” Ivy said, still standing at the door.

There were still three boxes in the trunk, and as Ivy bent down to lift one, Ethan stopped her. “You’re not lifting anything.”

“Is he planning on hanging around for a few days?” Ivy asked, looking closely at his face, trying to figure out if he was genuinely here for the BBQ or just to stir up trouble.

“Who cares how long he stays? Mind your own business!” she snapped back.

Ethan frowned, “Can’t we just talk civilly?” He gripped her shoulders, his voice firm.

“Maybe you’re the one who doesn’t want to talk!”

Ivy noticed a ring on his finger that she had never seen before. “Is that a matching ring with Noah Scott? Finally brave enough to wear it?”

Oh boy, she knew just where to poke him. They didn’t even have matching rings; he clearly didn’t view her as his wife!

Ethan suddenly laughed. “You’re jealous, aren’t you?”

“Why should I care? We’re practically divorced at this point; I’m not your keeper!”

His expression stiffened. “Say that again.”

Ivy felt a flutter of nerves but stood her ground. “Fine, I will. It’s not like I can control your ex.”

Before she could finish, Ethan closed the gap and captured her lips, surprising her with a kiss that smelled faintly of smoke. She was puzzled—Ethan never smoked!

He deepened the kiss, and as Ivy instinctively pushed him away, he held her tighter. No matter how much she struggled, he wouldn’t let go.

Giving up, Ivy just stared at him, wide-eyed.

Ethan paused, pulling back slightly, cupping her face and brushing his thumb over her cheek. He looked at her with tenderness.

With her hands still hanging by her sides, Ivy kept her expression cool. “Is this enough for you? There’s an empty room upstairs if you want to take this further.”

“Am I just your emotional punching bag? Do you even respect me, Ethan?” Ivy snapped.

She slapped him, leaving five red marks on his face. The cold winter air made it sting, but he didn’t regret kissing her.

He rubbed his cheek, grinning. “Good hit. That’s more like you.” 

As he held her hand, both of their palms were red and sore, but neither of them cared.