**The Job's Gone, and So Are My Plans**

*Ding—*

After what felt like the fifth snooze, Ivy Gonzalez finally pried her eyes open. She blinked at the clock, scrambled out of bed, and landed with a thud on the floor. Last night’s sleep had been deep—too deep.

In a frenzy, she ran her fingers through her messy hair, threw on whatever clothes she could find, and bolted out the door without breakfast. 

As soon as she stepped into the office, something felt off. The atmosphere was thick with whispered conversations and the sound of frantic typing. Ivy’s heart raced—had word gotten out about her impulsive marriage? She could just imagine the gossip. 

She gulped and shuffled to her desk, but before she could settle in, her colleague Lily popped her head over the cubicle. 

“Did you hear the company’s shutting down?” 

Ivy’s jaw dropped. “What? No way!” 

Turns out, Lily had already known. “You didn’t see my message, did you?” 

Ivy sheepishly admitted that her phone had been gathering dust lately, and she hadn’t seen anything. The news hit her like a brick. The company had been struggling for a while, but she didn’t think it would come to this. 

Ivy had been planning to work hard and save up to pay off her debts to Ethan Clark—now that was all up in smoke. Her mood plummeted. 

“What are you going to do?” Ivy asked, trying to mask her own anxiety as she leaned closer to Lily. 

Lily shrugged, looking defeated. “My husband wants me to stay home and take care of the kids.” 

Lily was only three years older than Ivy, and the thought of her settling into a life of diaper duty was just… disheartening. 

“Is that what you want?” Ivy asked cautiously. 

“Nope! But what can I do? Someone has to watch the kids, and my parents are sick.” 

Ivy felt a pang of sympathy. “Hey, there will be other opportunities. You’ll figure it out.” 

But Ivy couldn’t even be a good friend right now; she needed to focus on her own next steps. She started packing her things, tossing them into a bag as she made her way to the lobby. 

A group of colleagues invited her to lunch, but she politely declined. She had no time to waste; her mother was waiting for her at home.

As she stepped into the elevator, Ivy noticed a crowd forming at the entrance. It was a typical office building, filled with various companies, and it was rush hour. Outside, the rain was pouring like someone had turned on a giant faucet, forcing everyone to huddle in the lobby.

Stuck with all her stuff and nowhere to go, Ivy stepped back to find a corner to drop her bags. Just then, she bumped into someone, her heel landing right on a polished leather shoe. 

“Whoa!” 

Before she could even think, the stranger caught her shoulder, steadying her. Ivy felt a sharp sting on her arm where the bag had pressed against her. 

Feeling flustered, she turned to apologize, but as she did, the weight of her bag was too much, and it broke open, spilling everything across the floor. 

“Oh man, sorry!” she exclaimed, crouching down to gather her things. 

The stranger joined her, picking up pens and notebooks with surprising grace. 

“Are you moving or just working?” he quipped, his voice oddly familiar. 

Ivy looked up and met the gaze of Ethan Clark—those captivating hazel eyes were staring right back at her. He had come here for a meeting, but now here they were, staring at each other on the floor. 

He handed her the last pen and noticed the ring on her finger. Ivy felt a mixture of pride and guilt wash over her. 

“Thanks!” she said, slipping it into her bag. 

They stood awkwardly near the entrance, both waiting for the rain to let up. The wind whipped droplets into their faces, and Ivy instinctively stepped back, but the crowd pressed closer. 

Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Ethan’s arm wrapped in a bandage. “Your hand—how’s it healing?” 

He glanced at her, then down at his injury. “It’s... okay, I guess.” 

She felt a strange pang of empathy, watching his expression soften for a moment. “You should definitely go back for a check-up.” 

He smirked at her concern. “Yeah, yeah, I will.” 

Just then, a sleek black car pulled up, and the driver rushed out, holding an umbrella to shield them from the rain. 

“Let’s go home,” Ethan said casually. 

Ivy blinked, confused. “What? Home? What do you mean?” 

Ethan chuckled, taking her hand and guiding her to the car. “We’re married, remember? Where else would we go?” 

“Married? Pfft, it was just a deal!” she shot back, her mind racing. 

Ethan’s expression darkened at the word “deal.” The driver, Jason, shot her a stunned look through the rearview mirror. 

Ivy didn’t have time to play along with Ethan’s little marriage game right now; she was far too busy stressing about her job situation. 

As they settled into the car, Ivy couldn’t help but feel a sense of uncertainty creeping in. What was she going to do next?