**The Wedding Announcement**

Ethan Clark settled into the living room, puffing away on a cigarette with an air of smug confidence. He looked like a cat that just caught the canary, or maybe a rat that found an endless cheese stash. 

His mother, Mrs. Gonzalez, shot him a furious glare, her finger jabbing in his direction like a sword. “You are the biggest scandal in our family! How dare you flaunt your shamelessness in front of me? Get out!”

She clutched her chest, exasperated by Ethan's audacity. Honestly, who could blame her? It was a family affair that would make any soap opera writer jealous. 

Unfazed, Ethan pulled out a stack of incriminating photos from his briefcase and tossed them onto the table like a magician revealing his tricks. “You decide whether you want to pay up or not. If I don’t get what I want, you'll see these headlines splashed across the tabloids tomorrow.”

Mrs. Gonzalez rushed forward, her expression shifting from rage to dread as she examined each photo with a growing sense of foreboding. If these could rattle her, it had to be serious.

Ethan stole a glance at his mother, then snatched a photo from the pile. It featured Ivy Gonzalez and Liam Harris, but Liam was just a shadowy figure in the background. The two appeared to be having a good time at Ivy’s place, and it looked bad—really bad. 

“You stooped to this level?” Ethan’s eyes chilled as he crumpled the photo in his fist. 

Mr. Gonzalez chuckled, “If she hadn't been up to no good, no one would have taken these photos.”

Ethan flung the crumpled photo at the ground. “They’re just friends!”

Mr. Gonzalez stepped closer, scooping the photos back into his briefcase, muttering, “Friends or not, a strange man spending the holiday with her? She’s married!”

With that, he was gone, leaving Mrs. Gonzalez to sigh heavily. “Ivy is so careless! We should just pay the man off and move on.”

Ethan shook his head firmly. “Not a dime from our family. I’ll handle it.”

---

The following day, Ivy was jolted awake by Liam's incessant ringing. With a reluctant groan, she reached for her phone, and as soon as she answered, his excited voice boomed through the line.

“We made the gossip headlines!” Liam's voice was laced with glee, and she could practically hear him bouncing around on the other end.

“What? Me and you?” Ivy rubbed the sleep from her eyes, still trying to process how she ended up in this mess.

She opened her social media to find the headline: *Married influencer Ivy Gonzalez cozying up with a stranger at home.* 

Her eyes nearly rolled back into her head. This was absurd! She could already imagine the slew of angry comments waiting for her.

“Seriously, who took that picture?” Ivy snapped back, disbelief lacing her voice. “Are you enjoying this? I can’t believe you!”

“Come on, it's just a little scandal,” Liam shrugged, pouring himself a glass of red wine like it was just another Tuesday. “We’ll just take it down. No biggie.”

Of course, he didn’t think about how Ethan would react to this mess.

“Just stop it!” Ivy exclaimed. “You have no idea what you’re talking about!”

A few hours later, a new headline pushed the old one aside. 

*Ivy Gonzalez’s Marriage Certificate Surfaces!* 

Ethan had leaked their marriage certificate, and the internet exploded. “The mystery man is actually Ivy's husband, Ethan Clark, CEO of Big Shot Enterprises!” 

People were suddenly enamored with the news, and the comments were flooded with excitement over the “power couple.” 

“Finally, she’s with someone who matches her!” 

“I knew he had to be her husband!” 

Ivy stared at the chaotic buzz on her phone, unable to contain a laugh. She never imagined her and Ethan's relationship would be revealed in such a ridiculous way. It was almost poetic, really, like a bad sitcom.

Ethan’s phone was lighting up with messages, all shocked to learn he was married—not to Lucas Smith like everyone assumed, but to Ivy Gonzalez.

“Did you see the news?” Ethan texted her, clearly trying to gauge her reaction.

“Yeah,” Ivy sighed, glancing out her window as her mom returned from the store with bags of goodies. 

“Do you have anything to say for yourself?” Ethan asked, his tone a mix of frustration and hope.

“Thanks for dealing with the mess,” she replied, her heart a little heavier. It was a lot of pressure to put on someone, even if he was willing. 

Ethan chuckled sadly, “It seems like nothing I do is ever good enough for you.”

Ivy paused on the staircase, her hand resting on the banister as if it could ground her. “Don’t feel like you have to prove anything to me.”

“But how can we go back to the way things were?” Ethan pressed, sounding desperate.

“There’s no going back, Ethan. That time doesn’t belong to me anymore,” Ivy said, continuing down the stairs.

At that moment, she spotted a group of strangers gathered outside, snapping photos. “Ethan, you bought my old house. Rent it to me,” she suggested, irritation flaring.

With a slam of the door behind her, Ivy felt the weight of the world on her shoulders. 

“Who are those people?” Grace Peterson, her friend, asked, puzzled.

“Don’t worry about them,” Ivy said, grabbing bags from her friend. 

Grace smiled, opening the bags. “These are from your aunt. She remembered your favorites!”

Ivy laughed, sifting through the nostalgic snacks. “She really knows me.” 

As her thoughts turned to returning to her old life, she felt a pang of sadness. “I think I'm heading back to the city soon. It’ll be easier to start over.”

“Already?” Grace frowned, but Ivy could see her friend was trying to stay supportive. 

That evening, Ivy returned to her empty house, nostalgia washing over her. She had never expected to find herself here again, alone, after all this time.

“Welcome back,” Ethan said, standing on a stool to change a light bulb as she entered. 

Ivy stood frozen in the doorway, holding her suitcase, feeling a bittersweet mix of emotions.