**Title: A Honeymoon Mishap**

Ivy Gonzalez rushed up the stairs, ready to slam the door behind her, but Ethan Clark was quicker. He wedged his arm in the way and said, “My mom’s words don’t mean anything, you know.”

Ivy tried to push the door shut, but when that failed, she just let go, causing Ethan to stumble forward. Ignoring him, she crossed her arms and plopped down on the couch. “It’s not my problem. What she says doesn’t affect me.”

Tick-tock, tick-tock. The old clock in the living room seemed to chime louder than ever, driving her up the wall. She slapped it a few times with no success, ultimately giving up and slumping back down on the couch.

What was she even mad about? Just the usual pressure from Ethan’s mom about their family status. But for some reason, it was infuriating her now. She didn’t need the Clark family to survive anymore, so why did it feel like everyone assumed she was lucky to be marrying their son?

This marriage was exhausting! Everyone had an opinion about her life post-wedding, and it felt like she couldn’t catch a breath.

Could Ethan even understand that?

Ethan leaned against the chair, watching her intently. He sighed, walked over, and sat beside her, taking her hand and gently squeezing it as if trying to soothe her.

“Not mad anymore?” He tilted his head, looking at her pouting face.

Ivy scooted away, creating distance. “I’m not mad,” she huffed, turning her face away.

Ethan chuckled and gave her chin a gentle nudge, forcing her to look at him. “Got any time off in the next three days?”

Ivy twisted her neck and shrugged off his hand. “Why?”

Ethan stood up and reached out to her, but she crossed her arms defiantly, leaning back. She eyed him suspiciously, convinced he was up to something.

Suddenly, she found herself hoisted over his shoulder, upside down, blood rushing to her head. Ivy flailed her arms, caught off guard. “What the heck are you doing?! Put me down!”

Ignoring her protests, Ethan carried her downstairs.

Having lived in this neighborhood for over a decade, Ivy felt humiliated as familiar faces turned to stare. She wanted to disappear.

Once they reached the parking lot, he finally set her down and shoved her into the car.

The engine roared to life, and they sped off toward the airport.

“What’s going on? Where are we going?” Ivy asked, feeling increasingly uneasy.

“Surprise honeymoon trip!” Ethan said, gripping the wheel with a smile that screamed excitement.

Ivy frowned. “I didn’t plan for this.”

“Too bad! We’re going, and you can’t run away now.” He glanced at the road, sounding way too relaxed.

Ivy had no choice. “Fine, but we’re splitting the costs.”

Ethan raised an eyebrow, “Deal.” He answered without hesitation.

When they arrived at a beachside city, Ivy quickly realized it was peak tourist season. Prices were skyrocketing, and she winced at the hotel rates.

Ethan, however, didn’t bat an eye. He booked a VIP suite without a second thought.

“$5,000 for one night?!” Ivy exclaimed, her jaw dropping. “Are you serious? That’s outrageous! Can we please find something cheaper?”

Ethan stopped her, taking her hand and leading her up the stairs. “Let’s take a look first.”

As soon as they stepped inside the room, they were enveloped by breathtaking ocean views. The decor was lavish, to say the least.

“This is amazing,” Ethan said, genuinely impressed, and Ivy couldn’t help but agree that it was stunning.

But $5,000? Who could casually spend that? She was used to stretching her dollars. “Let’s just enjoy the view and find a different place. It’s too expensive!”

Reluctantly, Ethan followed her out as she dragged him to check out cheaper options.

After a long search, they found a modest guesthouse that Ivy was happy with, but the conditions were nowhere near the luxury of the hotel.

The next morning, Ivy woke up feeling dizzy. She could hardly get out of bed, groaning as she lay there. Ethan knocked and called her name, but when she didn’t answer, he finally got the staff to let him in.

Seeing her pale and unresponsive, he swooped her up in his arms and rushed her to the hospital.

The doctor diagnosed her with acute gastroenteritis.

“What a honeymoon this is turning out to be,” Ivy muttered weakly when she finally woke up, guilt gnawing at her for ruining their getaway.

Ethan brushed her hair back, his face calm. “As long as you’re okay, we can always travel later.”

When you’re feeling weak, you tend to lean on the people you trust.

Ivy felt tears well up in her eyes as she looked at him. Why was he being so nice? He could’ve enjoyed the luxury suite and all the amenities, yet here he was, taking care of her.

“Did you just realize how great I am?” he teased, tucking her blanket around her snugly.

Ivy couldn’t help but smile through her tears. “You’re the one being silly.” She grasped his hand tightly.

In that moment, Ivy felt a flicker of hope for their marriage. She loved him, and he loved her. Maybe they could make it after all.