**Title: Holding On and Letting Go**

Ivy Gonzalez sat stiffly in the passenger seat, staring at her phone and sending message after message to Liam Harris, only to be met with the deafening silence of a lack of response. It was like talking to a brick wall. 

"Jason Brooks, pull over!" Ivy snapped, unable to bear another moment in the cramped car with Ethan Clark, whose presence felt as awkward as a first date that had gone all wrong. They hadn’t spoken a word since last night, and the tension was so thick you could cut it with a knife.

Ethan, leaning back in his seat, sighed dramatically, his long fingers gripping the dash. "Do you really hate me that much? Not even willing to share a ride?"

"Yep." Ivy shot him a cold glance before flinging open the car door with enough force to leave Jason wide-eyed. She felt a pang of guilt about slamming the door like that; it was Jason’s car, after all. 

But Ivy had bigger fish to fry. She was on her way to see Liam, who was currently stuck behind bars, anxiously awaiting a court verdict. Her friend, Ella Garcia, had pulled off a small miracle just to get in to see him.

When they finally met, Liam looked shocked to see them. Most people would run for the hills at the mere mention of his name, but not Ivy and Ella. He smiled, revealing the same bright teeth she remembered, though his hair was a mess and he wore a drab prison uniform. 

"Hey, you guys!" he greeted, his voice a mix of surprise and forced cheerfulness. 

Ella, however, wasn't having any of it. "You idiot! You really think they see you as family? They have you doing their dirty work while they sit pretty. You’re the one taking the fall!"

Ivy felt her heart twist at the sight of Liam looking so worn down. 

"They're shady, Ella. I should’ve seen this coming. But hey, if I do three years, my dad will at least say I’m a good son," Liam said, staring blankly at his hands. There was no trace of bitterness in his voice; it was almost like he accepted his fate.

Ella, infuriated, slammed her hands on the table and stormed out. 

"Ivy, take care of yourself. I’ll figure something out," Ivy said, her voice trembling as she tried to keep her composure. 

Liam's voice stopped her in her tracks. "Ivy, I know I’ve been a jerk about Ethan, but I hope you find happiness." 

She frowned, her heart aching. "Shut up, Liam. Don't make this sound like your last will and testament. We’ll talk when you get out."

As she exited, Ivy scanned the area for Ella but found only emptiness. Just when she planned to leave, she spotted Ella hunched down in a corner, a cigarette dangling from her lips. 

"Smoking up a storm, huh?" Ivy asked, joining her on the ground, lighting up one of her own.

Ella scowled, "What do you expect? He’s toast when he gets out. I can’t deal with this." 

Ivy’s fingers trembled as she took a drag of her cigarette, her mind racing with thoughts of Liam's situation. He was too young for this. 

"Let’s get out of here. You need to eat and sleep. Your health matters more than whatever this mess is," Ivy urged, extinguishing her smoke and pulling Ella to her feet. 

After hailing a cab for Ella, Ivy stood alone on the sidewalk, feeling lost. Her phone slipped from her fingers and clattered to the ground, and as she bent to pick it up, tears started streaming down her face. 

"Get it together, Ivy! You can’t lose hope yet!" she whispered to herself.

When she finally returned to her apartment, the elevator dinged open to a dark hallway. The lights had been out for a week, and the property management was dragging their feet on fixing it. 

Ivy flipped on her phone's flashlight and was startled to find Ethan standing outside her door.

"Could you make some noise?" she exclaimed, passing him as she fumbled with her keys to unlock the door.

Inside, she flipped on every light she could find, flooding the space with brightness.

"Are you hungry? I can whip up some noodles," Ethan offered, his eyes hopeful.

Ivy ignored him, pretending he was a ghost. She walked into her bedroom, shrugging off her jacket, and Ethan followed her, leaning against the doorframe.

"Can we stop the silent treatment? Is Liam really that important?" he asked.

"Yes, he is," Ivy replied, fixing her gaze on the mirror, refusing to meet his eyes. "Can you save him?"

Ethan stepped closer, his expression turning serious. "What’s in it for me?"

Ivy spun around, surprised to find him so close. "What do you want that you don't already have?"

"You." His gaze was intense, scanning her from head to toe as if she were the only thing in the world.

Ivy felt a shiver run down her spine, her heart racing. "How dare you!" she hissed, pushing him away. But he caught her wrists with a grip that was too tight.

"Is this how you ask for help?" he mocked, his voice low and dangerous.

She knew he was her best chance to help Liam. In a moment of desperation, she yanked on his tie, pulling him closer, leaning in to confront him head-on. 

"Is this what you want?" she asked, her voice almost a whisper, feeling the weight of the moment.

Ethan was seething, on the edge of control, and in a burst of frustration, he shoved her onto the bed. 

Fear washed over her as she had never seen him like this before, his eyes wild and desperate. 

"Ethan, calm down!" she shouted, pushing back against him, but he was relentless. 

In a moment of sheer panic, Ivy grabbed the eyebrow razor from the nightstand, her hands steady with resolve. She slashed at his arm, and he recoiled, blood seeping through his fingers. 

A rush of panic flooded Ivy as she scrambled to find the first aid kit, standing before him with shaky hands. 

"You need to be careful next time," she said, voice trembling as she treated his wound, realizing how deep her feelings for him ran. 

"I'm sorry," Ethan muttered, the guilt washing over him as he looked at her. "I don’t know what came over me."

As Ivy wrapped his arm, she knew they were both standing on the edge of something much bigger than themselves. Would they fall together or apart? Only time would tell.