**Not Living Off Others**

Xie Jinghang never expected that there would be matters concerning him here. He raised an eyebrow as he looked at Zhu Yidan, who was glaring at him, suddenly reminded of a certain girl who also loved to give him the same piercing gaze. A smile involuntarily crept across his face.

Xiao Bailian, thinking that the smile was directed at her, beamed even more brightly.

In the next moment, Xie Jinghang turned to Pei Qian and said, “Since the matter has been confirmed, let me arrange things on my end and then notify Big Brother Pei.”

He completely ignored Xiao Bailian. At his words, Pei Qian nodded seriously, “Alright. You should head back and rest now. We’ll have dinner together tonight.”

Xie Jinghang nodded and followed Anna out, leaving Xiao Bailian staring at him with a sulky expression as she twisted her clothes in frustration.

Pei Qian turned to head upstairs as well, internally sighing, “I need to quickly soothe that troublesome little fairy.”

Next to Xiao Bailian, a hot-headed young man still grumbled angrily, though he dared not raise his voice too loud. He muttered, “These people, just because they have power and influence, really don’t put anyone in their eyes.”

Xiao Bailian found him as annoying as a buzzing fly. Yet, she couldn’t break her gentle and innocent persona, so she hung her head low, looking pitiful and lost, which just made her seem more endearing.

“Big brother, thank you for standing up for me. Otherwise…”

Though this kind of half-finished statement was cliché, it worked. The young man’s imagination ran wild as he looked at Xiao Bailian’s tear-filled eyes, feeling an overwhelming sense of sympathy.

“Big brother, you’re so kind. You don’t need to take risks for me. They are people we can’t afford to offend, and we don’t even know their true strength. Being looked down upon is just a reflection of our own lack of capital.”

The boy, having received the ‘good guy card,’ felt quite complicated inside. He was just an ordinary person with nothing but passion and no abilities. He always envied those who had awakened powers, even if they were weaker than him, yet held much higher status.

“Hey, Xiao Wei, don’t be so down. If we had powers too, we would definitely not be looked down upon. We just lack a bit of luck.”

He attempted to comfort Xiao Bailian, but unexpectedly, she responded with a soft voice, “It’s not just luck we lack. It’s power and connections.”

The young man, confused, asked, “What does that have to do with power and connections?”

Xiao Bailian looked at him innocently, “Did you not know? Before I came to the base, I heard from others that the Apocalypse Fortress developed a potion that can awaken abilities. As long as you inject this potion, ordinary people can also awaken powers, and the abilities are even stronger than self-awakening.”

Her words were spoken softly, but they sounded like thunder in the young man’s ears, leaving him speechless for a long time as he processed the information.

“Really…? Is that true? It can’t just be a rumor, right? They were saying there was an antidote for zombies before, but we haven’t seen it yet.”

Xiao Bailian internally scoffed, thinking, You silly boy only knows how to revolve around women; what do you understand?

On the surface, however, she maintained a look of doubt and innocence. “It’s true! The people from the Apocalypse Fortress said that the antidote was developed long ago. It’s not fake news!”

The young man was suddenly filled with excitement. He should be heading to the Apocalypse Fortress! He had dreamed of becoming an ability user and was completely fed up with his life in the Longxiang Base. He only got in because of his cousin, who was an ability user and often looked down on him. If he became an ability user himself, surpassing his cousin's strength, he could regain his dignity.

“Xiao Wei, why didn’t you go to the Apocalypse Fortress? If you did, you’d become an ability user!”

Xiao Bailian, Lin Weiwei, rolled her eyes internally, but her face showed a helpless smile. “I don’t even know where the Apocalypse Fortress is! Besides, as an ordinary person, how could I possibly get there? I only came to Longxiang because of my cousin. I’m just not fortunate enough to enter such a good place.”

With a few exaggerated sniffles, she expressed her sorrow. “Big brother, if you hear anything about the Apocalypse Fortress, please let me know.”

After smiling at him, she didn’t wait for an answer and hurried down the stairs.

Zhu Yidan had been following Xie Jinghang and the others into the suite that had been arranged for them. This was the same room that Luo Bingtian and his group had stayed in last time.

“Hey, Captain Xie, how many days are we staying out here? When can we go back to the fortress and get a good night’s sleep? I miss Luo Luo already.”

Xie Jinghang didn’t reply immediately, as he was deep in conversation with the Chattering Ghost in his mind. This guy had finally become somewhat useful after leveling up four times. Not only had he exchanged for a satellite phone, but he also obtained energy blocks that could enhance his abilities. Xie Jinghang’s abilities had now reached the fifth tier, granting him the capacity to paralyze and destroy crystal cores with lightning.

“Host, if you hadn’t leveled up so slowly, I would have been able to show off long ago. Fortunately, I’m finally at tier four now. Let me show you the good stuff from our Y Galaxy!”

While the Chattering Ghost was boasting, Xie Jinghang had already opened the system store. The previously greyed-out weapons and equipment icons had lit up, along with various functional energy blocks. Looking at the long list of zeros next to all the items, Xie Jinghang felt like he wanted to scream.

Was this inspired by Zimbabwean currency before the apocalypse? The cheapest item was an energy recovery ball with no attributes, similar in effect to a basic crystal core. It couldn’t enhance abilities, only restore energy, and the recovery amount was limited—talk about poor value compared to a basic crystal core.

Xie Jinghang felt like he was being played by the system. After years of working hard and saving scrupulously, the prices were still exorbitantly high. It was simply ridiculous.

He was seriously considering uninstalling the system. The Chattering Ghost, who had been rambling on about its own greatness, suddenly caught wind of this thought and went pale.

Whether to bind with this host didn’t matter much to it, but if it got uninstalled, where would it find another host allowed to enter Luo Xiaojian’s space again? It wanted to continue having fun with Brother Xuanying. The space had all the air and water it loved; it couldn’t be uninstalled!

As the incessant chatter suddenly ceased, the quiet was almost eerie. Xie Jinghang was taken aback; he hadn’t realized how accustomed he had become to the Chattering Ghost’s incessant noise.

“Host, please don’t entertain such dangerous thoughts! We’ve come this far. You’re about to rise to greatness; don’t you think it would be a shame to just give up now?”

The Chattering Ghost’s voice trembled slightly, almost sounding like it was on the verge of crying. Xie Jinghang was stunned.

“Sure, the points seem high, but our exchange rate is also steep. Just take a look at the exchange interface and see what you can get.”

Xie Jinghang opened the exchange interface and was shocked. Aside from normal crystal cores, the system also had clean air and water available for exchange. Was it really that simple?

The exchange rate was far higher than the price of crystal cores. He couldn’t help but ask, “Chattering Ghost, what’s the standard for this clean air and water?”

Hearing a glimmer of hope, the Chattering Ghost quickly replied, “It’s just like the air and water in the little fairy’s space! Boo hoo, I miss those days in the space. I miss my Brother Xuanying!”

“Can’t you just ask for something I can actually get?”

“You should have listened to me and clung to the little fairy’s leg! You insisted on going out to fight for yourself. Tsk, if you had listened to me, you could have simply exchanged for everything you wanted while lying down!”

Xie Jinghang was left speechless, thinking, What is this? Is it trying to force me to live off others?