**Confusing the Enemy**

“Come on, host! As long as you get close enough to him, I’ll find a way to restrain his abilities!” 

The incessant chatter of the system echoed in Xie Jinghang's ears. His brows were furrowed with concentration as he ruthlessly cleared the mutated plants obstructing his path and dispatched the mutated insects that attacked from behind.

On the other side, Luo Bingtian wasn’t faring any better. She had initially planned to flank Xie Jinghang, but now found herself surrounded instead.

Seeing both of them trapped, Fu Buqi couldn’t help but grin smugly. For the moment, he was free from any life-threatening danger. The system's voice kept flashing through his mind. “Host, Xie Jinghang is emitting abnormal energy fluctuations. If you can control him and absorb his energy, the entire world will be yours!”

The tone was as tempting as ever, yet tinged with a long-lost respect. For a while now, the system had suppressed him, leaving him with little say in the matter. Many decisions were not his to make, even if he had to reluctantly admit that the system's choices were often the right ones. 

However, he had craved power for far too long and was unwilling to remain a mere puppet. But now, things were different.

“System, we need to work together for true success. We need to be on the same page!”

The system didn’t respond. In fact, it had already realized that Xie Jinghang's protagonist luck was far stronger than Fu Buqi's. However, at that time, it hadn’t yet absorbed the world's energy and couldn’t bind Xie Jinghang as a host over Fu Buqi.

Later, even when it had enough energy, it still couldn't bind Xie Jinghang. Initially, it thought it was still entangled in some kind of binding process, but now it suspected that Xie had already formed a bond with another system.

Yet the energy emanating from Xie Jinghang was incredibly alluring. It was as if a starving person had suddenly caught a whiff of delicious meat, unable to resist the urge to devour it.

“Don't worry, host. Our goals have always been aligned.”

The system’s voice and attitude gave Fu Buqi a sense of immense satisfaction. He shot a fierce look at Luo Bingtian, thinking that he would deal with this annoying girl first. The supplies were insignificant to him; he didn’t lack resources. What he needed was to vent his anger.

Soon, the system received Fu Buqi's command and unleashed a torrent of mutated plants, attempting to force Luo Bingtian into a corner and entangle her while the mutated insects would gnaw and consume her.

Luo Bingtian unleashed a relentless stream of fire, seemingly sensing Fu Buqi's intentions. She countered by moving towards Xie Jinghang, pushing back against the assault.

The annoying system noticed the increase in energy from their side, realizing that they were using energy to amplify the attacks from the mutated plants and insects. It quickly formulated a plan.

“Host! They must have detected my presence and increased their energy output. I have a way to deal with them. You pretend to be overwhelmed, and I’ll shield our energy output. Let’s see if they try to capture you. If they do, that’ll be our chance!”

Xie Jinghang agreed; it was indeed a viable strategy. If the mountain wouldn’t come to him, he would go to the mountain.

When the system finally activated the energy shield, both his and Luo Bingtian's weapons vanished simultaneously.

Caught off guard, Luo Bingtian gasped, but she quickly regained her composure, unleashing her ice powers and psychic abilities. The ice killed all the insects, while her psychic energy caused the mutated plants to explode.

The small crystal cores allowed her to control the energy with minimal output. If it were zombies or larger mutated insects, it would be a different story.

Just as she finally caught her breath, she noticed that Xie Jinghang was also attacking with his lightning powers.

What was happening? She stared in confusion at the situation, noticing that Xie Jinghang seemed to be considering retreating.

He wanted to run?

“Host, quickly control him! His energy is weakening. Now's the time to seize the opportunity!”

Even though Fu Buqi disliked these commanding tones, the system's tone and intention were somewhat acceptable. He reacted immediately, moving towards Xie Jinghang.

“Xie Jinghang, be careful!”

Luo Bingtian felt her psychic energy was reaching its limit. If she didn’t recover soon, she would risk exhaustion. With all her might, she shouted this warning, but the next moment, she saw Xie Jinghang looking in her direction, shaking his head. Before she could hear what he wanted to say, he was suddenly wrapped up in the tendrils of the mutated plants, being pulled towards Fu Buqi.

In the next second, it looked as though Xie Jinghang had been poisoned; he was limp, eyes closed, head drooped. The sight made Luo Bingtian's heart ache with rage.

“Got him!”

Fu Buqi heard the system's excited voice, a tone he had never heard before. 

He felt a surge of confidence, believing he was truly powerful. Even someone as revered as a level five ability wielder was nothing more than a puppet in his hands. This showed that the rumors were mere exaggerations; true strength was what mattered.

“Host, quickly bring him to me! His energy is too overwhelming and too tempting!”

But at that moment, Fu Buqi suddenly stopped in his tracks. The tendrils tightly binding Xie Jinghang halted as well, and he stood frozen in place.

The system was momentarily taken aback, still inquiring, “Host, what’s wrong? What happened?”

Fu Buqi sneered inwardly. He finally realized the system’s tone was highly unreasonable. This urgency was reminiscent of the time it had urged him to summon zombies. What on earth did the system want with Xie Jinghang?

Was it because of the abilities he possessed? There was no denying that Xie Jinghang’s lightning abilities were formidable, but wasn’t the system supposed to assist him in controlling the universe? Why did it seem more eager than him?

It didn’t make sense. Fu Buqi thought that if the system couldn’t provide a reasonable explanation, he wouldn’t easily hand over Xie Jinghang.

In truth, after regaining control of these energies, he had no intention of relinquishing power to the system again, nor would he allow it any chances to suppress him.

The system, seemingly anticipating this thought, also chuckled coldly in its heart. It had seen through this host quite well. He was selfish and arrogant. While he was indeed smart and emotionally intelligent, his heart was too dark and vengeful. If he weren’t still of great use to it, he might have already devised various ways to deal with it.

“Host, what are you hesitating for? Don’t forget, only when my energy is fully charged and upgraded will you gain the true ability to control the world.”

The system calmly reminded Fu Buqi, unafraid that he would let Xie Jinghang escape. Even if he didn’t hand him over, it would kill the other party.

“What exactly do you want with Xie Jinghang?” 

Fu Buqi began to suspect that the system didn’t want to change hosts, but was rather eyeing Xie Jinghang for himself.

Indeed, Xie Jinghang was stronger than him in terms of abilities, age, and physical prowess, but when it came to intelligence, he was nowhere near Fu Buqi's level.

Fu Buqi was confident in his intellect. If Xie Jinghang were truly formidable, how could he be dragged around like a limp dog?

“Host, there’s a powerful energy within Xie Jinghang’s body. Absorbing it will allow me to upgrade rapidly,” the system explained. 

This part was true, but the core reason behind it was something it would never reveal to Fu Buqi.