**Epilogue**

On the way to a mission, Xie Jinghang was deep in thought.

"Host, when will this long journey to win her back ever end?" the voice chimed in, breaking the silence.

"Shut up. When will you get lost and leave me in peace?" he snapped back, his patience wearing thin.

"Well, that depends on when you complete your mission. Aren't we counting on you?" the voice teased.

"Maybe in my next life," he muttered.

"I agree! Looks like you’ll just have to bear with it for now," it replied cheerfully.

"Then I guess I need to figure out how to finish the task sooner," he sighed.

"…"

---

At the end of the crater in the post-apocalyptic fortress square, a conversation was underway.

"Uncle Zhu, what do we do about this big pit? We can't just conjure up soil out of thin air!" An Min, the diligent errand boy, scratched his chin, looking utterly dejected.

"I don’t know either! I’m not a soil manipulator. You’re asking the wrong person," Uncle Zhu said, shrugging helplessly.

"My dad said it’s tough. He said those with earth abilities are just movers of nature; they don’t actually create soil," An Min replied.

"Stop whining. Make way! Miss Luo has it all arranged. In a few days, someone will come to fill these pits, so you don’t need to worry," Xiao Hui said as she passed by, holding a stack of documents.

"Hey, that’s a lot of papers! Let me help you," An Min offered, grabbing the documents.

"Who’s this amazing person Miss Luo found that can fill in all these pits?" he asked curiously.

Uncle Zhu’s interest was piqued, and although he didn’t speak up, he stayed close, ears perked for more information.

"Didn’t we get in touch with a base overseas last month? Apparently, they’re friends of Miss Luo from before. They’ll be flying over to help. We’ll find out the details when the time comes," Xiao Hui explained.

"Overseas?" Uncle Zhu pondered, his mind racing as he started to piece things together. An Min, noticing Uncle Zhu's knowing look, immediately called out, "Uncle, wait! Don’t go! I’ll be back after I deliver these documents!"

"Get lost, you little brat!" Uncle Zhu shot back.

"So who is this person?" Luo Fan suddenly interjected, startling the older Uncle Zhu.

“Ah! You scared me to death!” Uncle Zhu exclaimed.

"Come on, Uncle, just tell us already!"

"It’s nobody special, just a foreigner. He’s quite good at making money and has connections in many countries. How do I put this… he’s like a broker," Uncle Zhu said, attempting to downplay the significance.

"A broker? A powerful one at that?" An Min was intrigued.

Uncle Zhu wore a mysterious smile that suggested he knew something more, hinting at the broker's impressive capabilities, someone who could arrange to buy planes, tanks, and rocket launchers.

"So who is he?" An Min pressed again, his curiosity insatiable.

"You just delivered the documents, right? How do you keep popping up?" Uncle Zhu exclaimed, nearly jumping at An Min’s sudden appearance.

"I have wind abilities! I’m really fast!" An Min boasted.

"Stop interrupting, An Min! Uncle, please tell us more," Luo Fan urged.

"This broker is no small fry. He’s tall, handsome, and rich. He’s currently the leader of the largest base in the Sand Kingdom," Uncle Zhu elaborated.

"A man? That strong? Is his ability better than Captain Xie’s? No way; don’t exaggerate, Uncle!" Luo Fan protested.

"I don’t know about his ability, but his connections are the real deal. You know what the Sand Kingdom has most of, right?"

"I know! Oil, right?" An Min answered.

"That’s too simple-minded. The Sand Kingdom has a lot of valuable resources, not just oil but weapons and gold too. So, what do you think a capable man with all that will be like?" Uncle Zhu asked, raising an eyebrow.

"Successful?" An Min guessed.

"Respected?" Luo Fan said uncertainly.

"Too simplistic! A capable man with gold, weapons, energy, and connections—he will be… happy," Uncle Zhu concluded.

"Meh," someone scoffed.

"Uncle, what’s this foreigner’s name? Tall, handsome, and rich, huh? You should consider introducing him to your single niece!" Zhu Yidan chimed in, grinning. With such a powerful man, it would be a shame not to develop something!

"Get lost, you little girl! It’s none of your business. He’s interested in Luo, not you. You should focus on your own admirers!" Uncle Zhu retorted.

"What? He’s after Luo? What about Captain Xie? Isn’t he doomed? I heard he confessed for the Nth time and got shot down again!" Zhu Yidan exclaimed.

"What? The CP I ship cannot be!" Luo Fan cried, panicking. After years of rooting for this couple, was it all about to come crashing down?

"Shut up. What does a grown man know about shipping CP? Our Luo is one of a kind!" Wang Xinxin tossed over her shoulder as she walked past, leaving Luo Fan fuming behind her.

"You toxic fan! If you don’t understand, just stay quiet!" he shouted back.

Uncle Zhu shook his head at the chaotic scene before him, amused. He had official matters to attend to and strolled on, leaving the chatter behind.

---

Inside the fortress laboratory, the atmosphere was tense.

"Miss Luo, this is our latest zombie detox serum. While it won’t turn zombies back into humans, it can dissolve the crystal cores in their brains, reducing them to non-aggressive zombies that move slowly and lack abilities," a researcher explained.

"Will this affect humans or ability users in any way?" Luo Bingting asked, examining the serum handed to her by Dr. Zhang under the bright lights.

"There will be some impact. The crystal cores of ability users and zombies are fundamentally the same. However, this serum is only tested on zombies; we haven’t tried it on ability users yet," he replied.

"Understood. Let’s halt this project for now. The entire globe is buying awakening serums from us. If they find out about this serum, it will cause panic. Since they’ve already become ability users, I doubt anyone would want to go back to being ordinary," she decided firmly.

"Got it. What about the research materials?" Dr. Zhang asked.

"I’ll handle them," Luo Bingting said, gathering the research notes and the sole vial of serum, storing them in her space for safekeeping.

As she stepped out of the lab, she looked at the bustling fortress and felt a flicker of hope. One day, she believed, zombies would be wiped out, and all humanity would be reborn, embracing a new life in a new world. And when that day came, she would return the old residence to its original place. Perhaps then, she would finally start her own new life as well.