“What’s going on?” Sophia Wang frowned as she stared ahead, where a cloud of smoke from the crashing plane obscured her view. Squinting, she noticed something moving within the haze. Her expression shifted to one of alarm as she realized, “It’s zombies!”

“Oh boy,” Z remarked, his tone surprisingly upbeat. “This is great! That girl could use a little hardship.” He turned to Sophia, a teasing smirk on his face as he suggested, “How about we just toss her out?”

Sophia blinked in disbelief, tearing her gaze away from the approaching horde of zombies to scrutinize his expression. “Are you serious?”

Without a glance at the corner where Xiao Yaya was now screaming, Z grinned, “Just kidding.” But as quickly as the smile appeared, it vanished, replaced by a calm demeanor as he began to reverse the vehicle, aiming to steer clear of the area.

But there’s an old saying: you don't fear an opponent who’s god-like; you fear a teammate who’s a complete fool.

Seeing the mass of zombies ahead, Ouyang didn’t choose to retreat. Instead, he charged forward, weapon raised, as if trying to prove something to someone. He rushed headlong into the chaos, instantly putting himself in a precarious position, surrounded.

Z stared in disbelief, letting out a sigh. “Meeting someone like him in this lifetime really broadens my horizons.”

“Agreed.” Sophia nodded, her expression flat, a hint of exasperation in her voice.

Cowering in the corner of the cage, Xiao Yaya seemed to want to voice her opinion, but the moment she felt Z's cold gaze on her, she fell silent, shrinking back even further.

Taking a deep breath, Sophia tried to shake off some odd thoughts that were creeping into her mind, unable to resist asking Z, “Should we go down and help?”

Z leaned back casually, smirking. “Do you think I have a choice?” His eyes flicked to the other side, where Yi Ning had already taken off, gun in hand, engaging the zombies directly. Miyazaki Yusuke stood by their green pickup, looking innocent as he observed the chaos, like a newbie just trying to gain some experience.

“The situation looks grim,” Z said, analyzing quickly. “If we count Miyazaki, the ratio is 6 to 20. But if we join in…” He paused, a confident smile creeping onto his lips. “That makes it 1 to 0.”

“Why?” Sophia asked, puzzled.

“Because if I'm that ‘1’, those zombies will soon turn into ‘0’.” Z adjusted his glasses, his tone assured to the point of arrogance.

Suppressing an eye roll, Sophia whispered, “You decide.”

Deep down, she didn’t want to get involved. Part of her even hoped that Yi Ning and Ouyang might run into some trouble, removing the threat entirely. Yet, she couldn't ignore her conscience—they hadn’t committed any unforgivable sins. The struggle between selfishness and morality raged within her, leading her to ultimately hand over the decision to Z.

Z noticed her internal conflict and, after a moment of silence, sighed. He took off his lab coat, removed his glasses, and put on a single lens, preparing to join the fray. “You stay in the car, and don’t get near Xiao Yaya,” his voice was low and steady.

“What are you going to do?” Sophia asked, surprised.

“Save people.” Z casually ruffled his messy hair, his expression calm. “If I can’t save them, I’ll at least put them out of their misery and clean up the zombies. Isn’t that what you wanted me to do—be a good Samaritan?” He flashed a chilling smile. “I was just too reckless when I was younger, leaving a trail of bodies wherever I went.”

Watching him step out of the car, a complex mix of emotions surged within Sophia. Once Z joined the battle, the tide of the fight began to turn. His precise and swift attacks clearly made the zombie horde wary. Even though he was slender, his movements were sharp and agile, making him the undeniable center of the chaos.

However, Ouyang took this opportunity to stir trouble. Several times, he redirected fire towards Z, even deliberately misfiring to put Z in danger. Sophia witnessed these malicious acts, and she could no longer hold back. Grabbing her handgun, she kicked the door open and jumped into the fray.

As she aimed at the zombies Ouyang had lured, she shot a cold glare at Yi Ning, shoving her aside from Z’s vicinity. “I’ll protect my own man. No need for you to worry.”

Z paused, seemingly touched by her words, and turned to say something to her. But Sophia quickly shot down a zombie looming behind him, frowning as she urged, “Let’s focus on the task at hand!”

At that moment, Ouyang’s reckless actions finally bore fruit. A zombie seized the opportunity and lunged at him, gripping him tightly. Its sharp teeth sank deep into his neck, blood gushing out, mingling with the foul stench of decay that filled the air.

Instinctively, Sophia raised her gun and shot, quickly ending the zombie's life. As Ouyang fell to the ground, he looked up at Yi Ning with eyes filled with resentment and despair.