Sophia Wang felt extremely embarrassed, her heart racing as she rubbed her chest repeatedly, muttering to herself, “Can you stop bumping around in my heart, you silly little deer? You’re going to break it! Just go away, go away already!”

“Why don’t you put on some clothes before heading out?” Sophia called out as she jogged to catch up with Z. Unfortunately, she miscalculated her speed and ended up bumping right into his bare back. She took a small step back, rubbing her forehead, feeling a mix of embarrassment and surprise as she gazed at his fair, broad back. “Sorry,” she managed to say softly.

Z turned around, a teasing smile playing on his lips. “It’s fine, but don’t look at me with that red face; I might get the wrong idea.”

Sophia blinked in surprise, her cheeks heating up as she turned her head away, trying to maintain her composure. “Where are you going? At least put on a jacket first.” She feigned nonchalance, adding, “Even though it’s summer, the weather isn’t what it used to be, and autumn is just around the corner.” She let out a long sigh, her gaze momentarily distant. “Before you know it, autumn will be here, and look how much time has passed.”

Z looked at her quizzically. “What’s wrong? Do you wish it could be summer all year round?”

Sophia frowned. “How could that be? That’s just not possible…”

“If that’s what you wish for, it could happen,” Z replied, turning back to continue on his path toward the underground laboratory. “I’m heading down. You can decide whether to follow me or not.”

…

He really had a knack for keeping things fresh and exciting every minute. With the way he drew attention, if he didn’t end up as a boss, he could easily pivot to being a top-tier T, that’d definitely make him a hot commodity.

Sophia brought her hands together in a prayer gesture and shrugged her shoulders, trailing behind Z as they walked slowly toward the dark underground lab. Z led the way quietly, offering no comments on her choice. His tall, slender figure gave her an inexplicable sense of security. His long fingers occasionally flicked the light switches, illuminating the once-dark tunnel.

At the end of the tunnel stood a glass door that required facial recognition to unlock. Z stood in front of a small red light for a couple of seconds, and then the door slid open automatically.

Sophia couldn’t help but remember what she had seen the last time she was here. She hesitated for a moment but soon felt completely at ease. 

The lab was now devoid of the strange items she had seen earlier; all the glass containers were empty and spotless, clearly tidied up.

Curious, Sophia scanned the room, then glanced back at the closed glass door and asked quietly, “Is this door made of bulletproof glass? It should be pretty sturdy, right?”

Z casually opened a white cabinet against the wall, pulling out a neatly organized shirt, tie, and lab coat. He slipped on the shirt at a relaxed pace. The simple combination of a white shirt and black pants suited him perfectly, showcasing his physique and elegance. Watching his graceful movements made Sophia’s heart race, and she forced herself to look away.

“It’s not bulletproof glass; that kind of junk isn’t even on my radar,” Z replied, casually buttoning up his shirt. Then, in full view of Sophia, he unbuckled his belt and slid down his pants just enough to tuck his shirt in, calmly organizing himself back before fastening his belt again. Sophia’s eyes widened in surprise as she took in the entire scene, still unable to snap out of her daze when Z turned to look at her.

Z strolled over to her, ruffling her hair as he casually said, “Go make me a cup of coffee. The stuff is on the table to the south. Once you finish, come help me out. I’ll hug you after I’m done.”

… Hug her after he was done? Sophia stared blankly at his retreating figure, ultimately giving up on asking questions. She was certain that if she did, Z's response would only make her feel even more embarrassed.

Damn it, was her gaze really that blatant?

Sophia obediently walked over to the south end, where there was a small break area, to brew his coffee. As she prepared it, she pondered why he hadn’t been back here for so long yet everything was so well-organized. Just as she prepared to bring him the coffee, Z silently answered her curiosity. He was lounging against a surgical table, his long legs bent against the leg support, with his right hand binding his left arm to the side armrest. An abstract little robot adeptly helped him secure the leg straps.

“What are you waiting for? Bring it over, then help me…” he hesitated for a moment before finally saying, “Actually, just help me with the straps; I’ll handle the rest myself.”

“…” She felt a hint of being dismissed.

Sophia approached with the coffee. “It’s still a bit hot; maybe wait a moment before drinking?”

Z nodded absentmindedly, “Just set it down.”

She placed the coffee cup down and knelt to help him secure the strap on his other leg, feeling a bit anxious. “This procedure looks pretty intense. Are you planning to do something serious? Isn’t a blood test sufficient for analysis?”

Z paused at her words, looking down at her with a malicious smirk that felt almost cruel. “If you know that method, it definitely won’t work for me.”

“…”

“You can see it’s still moving, so I need to get it out,” Z said, shifting his gaze to the object moving up and down on his arm. His eyes had bloodshot veins, looking more worn than before, as if the bags under his eyes could hold a hundred pounds of rice. 

Sophia stood by him as a silent observer, Z preparing everything and, without needing anesthesia, made a quick incision on his wrist with a scalpel. She instinctively turned her head away, closing her eyes in fear, the sounds of him changing tools ringing in her ears. His breathing gradually became heavier, yet he never let out a single cry of pain.

“Alright, you can turn back now.”

Sophia wasn’t sure how long it had been when Z’s calm voice reached her. Slowly, she opened her eyes to see him using one hand to hold the end of a bandage in his mouth while the other wrapped the bandage around his cut wrist. Next to him lay a small object, about the size of a thumb, glowing faintly in blue amidst the blood.

“What is this?” she asked, instinctively reaching out to help him with the bandage. Z paused, allowing her to assist as he glanced at the strange thing in the container. “You’ll see once I clean it up.”

Sophia nodded silently, focusing on wrapping his wrist with the bandage. Mechanically, she then picked up the now lukewarm coffee and handed it to him. “Do you want sugar?”

“No, thanks.” Z politely accepted the cup, but just as he was about to take a sip, Sophia stopped him.

“I’m really frightened,” she said, her hand blocking his lips as her face turned pale. “You just had surgery; you shouldn’t have anything irritating. It’s not good for recovery, so let’s skip it for now.” She took the cup back and downed the coffee herself, then burped lightly. “I just wish I could find some fruit for you; you should eat more fruit.”

Z listened to her ramble on with a calm demeanor, seemingly unaffected, but only he knew he was memorizing every word she said, enjoying her rare display of care and tenderness.

“There will be fruit,” Z said simply and began unbinding all the straps. As he worked, he seemed to sense her impending questions about the fruit and swiftly changed the subject. “Do you know why I need to strap myself down?”

Sophia shook her head, looking a little flustered, but her youthful warmth made it all the more comforting.

Leaning closer to her ear, Z deliberately lowered his voice, raspy with mischief. “Because I’m afraid I might get too excited and jump up.”