**House of Representatives Exploded**

Who would have thought that even a child could be the key to this??? 
This game! It's quite interesting! 

Luo Ran became increasingly resilient, battling again and again. After entering ten times, he saw a message appear on the screen:  
【Today's player attempts are exhausted, please return tomorrow~】  

Luo Ran felt that this "oh" at the end was a sarcastic jab at him. In those ten attempts, he had carefully avoided that little girl but had encountered a gigantic interstellar beast.  
Game over, eliminated!  
Assassinated by hidden enemies.  
Game over, eliminated!  
Or sometimes, after finally completing a task from headquarters, he would get caught in an interstellar storm while returning to Ocher Star and would be swept away.  
Game over, eliminated!  

Luo Ran was left speechless; this game was impossible to level up! Not to mention winning a single match, even the tasks assigned by an NPC inside were more challenging than climbing to the heavens. 

Just as Luo Ran was about to give up on the game, he suddenly noticed a leaderboard to the side of the screen, and in the general rank column, the first place was listed as——Ji He.  
???  
Is this even a person?  
How could someone reach the general rank in such a short time?  
Luo Ran began to question his life… 

Meanwhile, on Wen Keke's side, she looked at the crowded Dreamland and chuckled to herself.  
“Xingyun, how much more magma stone do we need?” Wen Keke asked, holding onto Jin Bao while standing atop the Dream Tower in Dreamland.  

The Dream Tower was the central hub of the entire Dreamland, invisibly floating above it and serving as a defense mechanism. Wen Keke often stayed there and sometimes ventured into the Dreamland to play.  

From there, she could control all the other systems within Dreamland, such as Xika, Light, Mr. Gu, Somonro, Beibei, and Abedo.  
These were all subsystems created by Xingyun. The main system, of course, was Xingyun itself, which added corresponding personalities to these systems based on Wen Keke's requirements.  

“Master, based on the replication speed of your space, it should take about another month to gather everything,” Xingyun replied obediently.  
Wen Keke pondered; if it takes a month, that’s not too long, might as well let those people have it…  

“Master~ you should hurry and chase that woman away~” A soft, weepy little girl’s voice whined in Wen Keke's ear.  
Wen Keke’s expression turned helpless; she couldn’t do anything about it either~  

Ever since Dreamland opened for a trial run a few days ago and Ji He and the others played, Sister Ji had been staying with Xika.  
Ahem, Sister Ji's guilty pleasure was to mess up Xika's clothes every day and watch Xika's irritated reactions.  

Why did she do this? Actually, Wen Keke enjoyed it too, because Xika was just too cute!  
Standing at one meter twelve, with curly hair and an exquisitely adorable doll-like face, always wearing pretty princess dresses and little shoes, Xika's face radiated a smile at a perfect forty-five-degree angle, saying that such an angle was the most beautiful.  

Moreover, since Xika was a system in charge of a fairy city, Xingyun added some special attributes, making Xika’s head emit flames whenever she got angry.  
Of course, the flames weren’t real, but they looked extremely realistic. Just imagine a delicately cute doll with a furious face and flames on her head—it was just adorable!  

Thus, Sister Ji would go to Xika's place every day, not just for the fun of watching Xika get upset but also for the lovely outfits and accessories there.  
These outfits were all designs collected by Xingyun from various sources in Wen Keke's world and the Four Major Star Systems.  
They were all very much to Taishu Ji Yu's liking, especially when Wen Keke saw Sister Ji in a black Lolita dress a few days ago.  
She looked like a true queen!  
Ahem, thoughts were wandering again!  

Wen Keke snapped back to attention and said to Xika, “How about you switch places with Light?”  
The weepy voice paused, and Xika quickly replied:  
“No need, Master! I think Sister Ji is very nice, and I like her! I want to spend more time with her~”  
With that, Xika immediately ended her call with Wen Keke.  

There was no way she’d switch with that bunny, Light! She had so many beautiful clothes here, while he had nothing and was completely plain!  
Although that woman always bullied her, she was still very pretty, so she'd just have to begrudgingly continue to deal with her.  
Wen Keke smiled; Xika would never give up her beautiful clothes. Moreover, according to Xika's taste for beauty, even though she said she wanted to chase Sister Ji away, if Sister Ji were to leave, Xika would definitely say she missed her.  

Central Star of the Alan Star System.  
Inside the House of Representatives.  
“What happened? Wasn't I clear about keeping your whereabouts hidden? How could that guy from the Slashing Court find out? When will you be able to accomplish something?”  
The Grand Elder, Si Kou Zhen, yelled angrily at the Third Elder, Si Kou Yu, standing in front of him.  

The Third Elder shrank back.  
“Elder Brother, I used the cloaking device! The Zhao family handled things; who would have known…?”  
His voice trailed off.  
The Grand Elder, hearing this, became even more furious:  
“You didn’t know, but I do! You can’t even handle a simple task for Blue Star. You might as well forget about being an elder!”  

The Third Elder felt anxious upon hearing this:  
“Who knew that just for a Blue Star, that madman from Xingtower would appear? Elder Brother, you’re afraid of that lunatic too, right? Otherwise, we wouldn’t have given up on the Mang bloodline!”  

The Grand Elder was about to retort when a newcomer entered. Upon seeing the Grand Elder, he knelt on one knee:  
“Grand Elder, it’s bad! The family’s Red Crystal Star in the other three major star systems has been blown up!”  

The Grand Elder shouted in shock, “What? How could it be blown up? What are you all doing?!”  
The Third Elder, not caring about the argument with his elder brother anymore, thought, who cares? The Red Crystal Star is gone, and the entire House of Representatives’ economy will suffer a heavy blow.  
“How could it be blown up? Did you find out who did it?”  
The kneeling person lowered his head even further, “I… didn’t find out.”  

The Grand Elder kicked the kneeling man and roared, “Useless! Useless!”  
Just as he was about to lose his temper, his expression changed. Why was it only the Red Crystal Stars in those three star systems that were blown up? What about… the Alan star system?  
Sensing the eerie silence around him, the Grand Elder realized something was off and was about to back away when the guard, who had been bowing his head, suddenly looked up, smiling brightly, revealing a face he had never seen before.  
“My master has prepared a gift for you, Grand Elder! Please check it out~”  
With that, the guard activated a spatial button and teleported away.  
Then, inside the House of Representatives.  
“Boom——”  
The sky was filled with flames.  
The just-teleported Xing Lian grinned, having just brushed off the footprint left by being kicked by the Grand Elder.  
“Kicking is still quite painful, tsk!”  
Then, he took out his light brain and sent a message to Ji He.  
【Mission accomplished!】  
Ji He, who was playing games over at Somonro, glanced at Xing Lian's message and then continued to immerse himself in the game.