**Waiting for Someone on a Rainy Day (Final Chapter)**

"Then the second target of the mission is Lila Liu. As the campus psychologist, you know the students' mental states best. 

As a high school girl from a family that values boys over girls, Lila has long been affected both physically and psychologically. She realized that she had psychological issues and sought help from Dr. Lin. Dr. Lin, noticing her family's neglect and her background, designated her as the second target. 

Pretending to care for her as a doctor, he used intermittent psychological tactics to make her dependent on him—ultimately leading to her death on a foggy night. Completing these two tasks boosted your confidence. Originally, the third victim was not Susan Xinyue, but Gao Linlin. However, Dr. Lin, in the midst of targeting the first two, inadvertently overlooked Gao Linlin, who began to recover mentally. 

But you discovered this. To eliminate the problem once and for all, you killed her and made Susan Xinyue adopt Gao Linlin's identity while Gao Linlin took on Susan's. This way, "Gao Linlin" would forever obscure the police's gaze, and there would be no worries about Gao Linlin's mental state."

"Then why did I turn myself in? Surely that would be redundant? And why choose a foggy day?" Luo Ran asked. 

Wen Keke sighed, "Ah, exactly, because you are Luo Ran and not Lin Yin! The real Lin Yin might not choose to confess, as he wouldn't know this was a game. Unfortunately, you are Luo Ran, who has been playing since the start in Dreamland. You know this is a game, and your mission task is to hide the murderer, right? 

Based on the task name, you could guess that other players would be tasked to find out who the murderer is. Thus, you purposely confessed and feigned an air of deeper secrets, leading most to assume that the murderer was someone else. Even if they found Gao Linlin, it wouldn't matter because, as a mental patient, a mentally ill person committing murder isn't punishable~ 

Furthermore, when I visited you in the police station, the first thing you said was, 'Classmate Lu, I didn't expect it would be you.' I initially had some doubts about that, but what really caught my attention was your too-obvious bad acting. How could a psychologist not know that showing that kind of expression would raise suspicions? You were too deliberate, plus the diary on the cabinet was far too obvious. 

Choosing a foggy day was merely to play on the psychological state in Haiyan City; people always harbor a fear of the unknown, thus obscuring your crime somewhat. Oh, and Jiaojiao's tone was also overly forced when I raised my questions, guiding them in a specific direction and responding nervously after Ji He spoke about his task. So, Jiaojiao, your task is also to hide the murderer, right? 

Moreover, can all of you with the same task see each other's identities?"

Lin Jiaojiao, feeling embarrassed by Wen Keke's mention, touched her nose and nodded, recalling something as she said: "Then how did you know about Ji He?" 

Wen Keke shifted her gaze back to Ji He and replied, "Because of his character." 

Seeing the questioning look in Ji He's eyes, Wen Keke continued, "Based on his usual demeanor, he wouldn't just stand silently when something like this happened. Although he often appears quite mature, it's evident from his frequent presence at Suomenglu’s that he still has some childlike qualities. 

In such a murder case, he wouldn't just stand aside and do nothing, but he didn't. Throughout this game, he didn't participate much—he just quietly provided me with information and kept me company, indicating that he felt guilty. In this game, what would someone feel guilty about? 

That is likely because the mission is different and perhaps even conflicting~"

Ji He looked innocently up at the light. Lin Jiaojiao silently swallowed some 'dog food' (a term for affectionate display among couples) realizing something...

"What truly solidified my decision was that smile from Gao Linlin, also known as Sister Ji. As a devoted wife of Dr. Lin, how could she still smile after her husband was incarcerated? At that moment, I only suspected something was amiss with Gao Linlin, but tonight I realized she is actually Susan Xinyue. Thanks to Gao Linlin’s sister, Gao Xiaoxing, who would have expected that the third victim wasn’t dead?"

"What about Xu Jin? Why do you think Lin Yin is Luo Ran and not Xu Jin?" Lin Jiaojiao asked, puzzled, as she genuinely didn't anticipate her alias would be exposed so swiftly. 

"Xu Jin doesn't have that kind of brain. As his boss, if our missions contradicted each other, he wouldn't appear in front of me, right? Ah He, what about your uncle?" 

Ji He remained silent. 

*Clap—Clap—Clap* 

Lin Yin, also known as Luo Ran, clapped his hands and looked at Wen Keke, "As expected of Boss Wen." 

It was now midnight, and as the clock struck twelve, Suomenglu's voice echoed, "Game time is up. The murderer has been found; Red side wins." 

Red side, meaning Wen Keke, displayed a shy smile at everyone: "Sorry~ I won~" 

Immediately, Wen Keke awakened from the simulation chamber, just as she was about to step out, she suddenly remembered, "Huh? I seem to have a special item I forgot to use?" 

"Suomenglu, what should I do about my special item that I forgot to use?" she asked. 

"Master, your items will be stored in your backpack and can still be used in the next game~" 

Wen Keke felt relieved. Looking at the time, it was already five or six in the afternoon. She hadn’t expected to play for an entire day; this game was quite brain-straining! 

Stretching lazily, Wen Keke prepared to head back to the villa to whip up something delicious for herself as a reward, plus spend time with Jinbao. It had been ages since she last saw him. 

"Jinbao~ where are you? 
Jinbao~" 

The first thing Wen Keke did upon returning to the villa was search for Jinbao. Strangely, this time he didn’t show up immediately at her call—he used to come right when she called. 

"Strange, where did Jinbao go?" 

Wen Keke put her hands on her hips, mumbling to herself. 

From all logic, Jinbao shouldn't have gone off anywhere; how could he disappear? 

"Xingyun, help me find where Jinbao is?" 

"Okay, Master, searching—  
Search completed… 
Ahem, Master~ Jinbao is under the wall at the back of the house…" 

Wen Keke couldn't help but wonder how she could hear a hint of embarrassment in Xingyun’s mechanical voice. 

"Hmm? What would Xingyun be embarrassed about?"

When she thought of Jinbao, Wen Keke rushed outside to find him. 

Under the wall, Jinbao lay comfortably on a soft mat, snoring away, while beside him was a pure black kitten grooming his fur. 

"Meow~" 
"Meow~" 

The two cats occasionally called out to each other, seemingly communicating. 

Upon seeing this scene, Wen Keke felt an odd sense of peace wash over her. 

"Jinbao." 

Wen Keke calmly called out, and Jinbao seemed to catch the displeasure in her tone, stretching lazily before happily rushing to nuzzle against her feet, purring as he did. 

"Meow~" 

The other black cat stood up with its front paws raised, resembling a polite gentleman, regarding Wen Keke with all due etiquette.