**Stormy Waves: American Edition**

Ethan called for someone to drive Ivy and the others back.

As they rode in the car, Sarah turned to Ivy and asked, “So, are you still considering becoming a doctor in this life?”

“No way,” Ivy responded without missing a beat. “This time, things are different. There are too many influential people around. Sure, it’s great to help people, but if I run into a tough case, I could be in real danger. Plus, my skills weren’t exactly top-notch in my past life. I think it’s time I enjoy life a bit more.”

“Well, it might not be that easy,” Sarah remarked with a teasing pout. “Now that you’ve helped Mr. Smith, you’ll definitely attract attention.”

Ivy lifted her chin a bit, grinning proudly. “You think I’m naive? I’ve already asked Ethan to keep it under wraps.”

“When we hit it big, you and Olivia can do whatever you want, and I’ll just tag along,” Ivy said with a playful grin.

“I’m not taking care of you!” Sarah replied, her gaze drifting away, feigning disinterest.

Ivy knew her well and leaned in closer, wrapping her arms around Sarah’s shoulder and playfully coaxing, “Come on, please take care of me! Just a little favor?”

Sarah pretended to be grossed out, but a small smile tugged at the corner of her mouth.

Olivia, covering her mouth, watched them with amusement, but then her smile faded as she furrowed her brows, lost in thought. “I can only cook; I don’t know how to run a business or network. How am I supposed to make money?”

“That’s easy! You just focus on making delicious food, and I’ll handle the rest,” Ivy said, playfully tapping Olivia’s forehead.

“But that’s not really me taking care of you,” Olivia said, looking troubled.

Ivy and Sarah exchanged a glance and burst into laughter; Olivia really took things too seriously.

---

In Smithville, at the Smith family home.

Margaret glanced once more toward her mother’s room but still didn’t see the kids come out.

“Sis, your kids have become lazier since they’ve been away. How are they ever going to make a living like this?” Linda spoke with a sarcastic edge.

“What are you two chatting about? Get back to work!” Mrs. Smith emerged from the room and saw Margaret and Linda putting down their tasks, seemingly in conversation.

“Mom, it’s already late, and the eldest hasn’t even gotten up. The other girls have already gone out to do chores,” Linda reported, sounding accusatory.

Mrs. Smith shot a glance at Linda that made her shiver, unsure of what she had said wrong.

“Just focus on your own business and stop meddling in others’ affairs,” Mrs. Smith replied curtly.

Margaret felt a bit embarrassed; while her mother had been nice to the kids lately, they shouldn’t have become this lazy. “Mom, I’ll go wake them up,” she said, lifting her foot to leave.

Mrs. Smith knew she couldn’t stop this; she followed with a calm gaze, having already thought of what to say.

“Mom, the kids aren’t in their room?” Margaret’s face was puzzled when she stepped out.

“They’re not in their room? That’s impossible! I didn’t hear any noise this morning and thought they were still asleep!” Mrs. Smith feigned ignorance.

“Where could they have gone?”

“Sis, don’t worry. I heard there are plenty of wild berries ripe for picking nearby. Maybe they went to gather some,” Linda suggested as she entered from outside.

“I got up so early and haven’t gone out. If they were out, I would have seen them,” Margaret still felt something was off.

“They might have wanted to surprise us by getting up earlier than everyone else,” Linda suggested.

Margaret suddenly felt a wave of anxiety wash over her; she sensed something wasn’t right but couldn’t pinpoint what it was.

Wait!

Margaret’s gaze instinctively fell on Mrs. Smith.

“What are you looking at me for? Those kids are really something; they go off without saying a word,” Mrs. Smith met Margaret’s gaze, her temper flaring.

“Sis, you’re not doubting Mom, are you? The way Mom acted before was because we lost the children. Though they became ghost brides, the He family will definitely bury them better than we could,” Linda reprimanded Margaret.

“Hey, I’m not the kind of person to let my own children suffer. If that were the case, would they still be around my house now?” Mrs. Smith said earnestly.

“Mom, I wasn’t implying that, I just…”

“Grandma, with that look, you really do seem like a kind old lady,” a cold voice interrupted Margaret.

Mrs. Smith turned sharply at the familiar voice, and Linda’s face mirrored her shock.

“You… you all…”

“Is Grandma wondering how we’ve returned?” Ivy said, a mocking expression on her face.

“What do you mean by that, Ivy?” Margaret asked, confusion evident on her face, sensing something was wrong.

“Mom should ask Grandma herself; if we tell you, you probably wouldn’t believe us anyway,” Olivia pouted.

“Mom?” Margaret called out.

Mrs. Smith, realizing the gravity of the situation, grabbed Linda, who seemed flustered.

“How could I possibly know where you went? We’ve been searching for you all this time!”

“Last night, we sisters were drugged by Grandma and Aunt Linda and handed over to the Johnson family. Luckily, Ethan saved us, or else…” Ivy looked at Margaret, squeezing out a couple of tears. “Otherwise, we would never have seen you again. Mom, I was so scared!”

Margaret was left in shock, unable to comprehend how her mother could be so cruel.

“Don’t accuse me! I didn’t know anything; I only heard your mom say you hadn’t gotten up this morning,” Mrs. Smith’s eyes darted around nervously.

“I could hear the commotion from far away. What were you all talking about?”

Ivy turned her head, spotting the three men returning from work. The serious-looking head of the family, Mr. Smith, was flanked by Uncle John and Uncle Mark.

Perfect timing; now that the head of the family had returned, it would save her the trouble of explaining again.

Ivy decided to cut to the chase. “Grandpa and Uncle are back, and we want to move out.”

Then, without waiting for anyone to respond, Ivy recounted the events of the past few days.

“If our family didn’t take you in, you would have died over ten years ago. Letting you live this long and now expecting us to benefit from it is hardly unreasonable,” Uncle Mark blurted out after hearing how much Ivy and her sisters could fetch.

The three of them shot him glares before looking back at the family head.

“What your uncle said is right,” Ivy rolled her eyes, realizing that Mr. Smith and Mrs. Smith truly were cut from the same cloth.

“Dad, Uncle, how can you… how can you do this?” Margaret was at her wit’s end, sobbing uncontrollably as she looked at her family’s attitude.

“Well, since Grandpa has said so, I must have a good discussion with you all.”