**Another Urgent Delivery! (Extra from Lingmeng)**

Because Scholar Song's account had been muted by the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain, he could no longer chat happily. Bored, the Pekingese named Doudou jumped down from the computer desk.

It then scrambled up onto Scholar Song's bed, rolling around aimlessly. Since the moment they met, it hadn’t stopped moving for a second.

Scholar Song watched it closely for a long while—was this lively demon dog really a Pekingese and not some sort of husky? Its energy was off the charts!

After rolling around for quite some time, Doudou suddenly stood up and said seriously to Scholar Song, “Ahem, Scholar Song, from today onward, I’ve got your back!”

Scholar Song chuckled awkwardly, “Thanks.”

“Don’t mention it! You can call me Doudou. Just don’t call me ‘Little Doudou,’ that’s a nickname for that big fool Huang Shan. Well… if you think you’re a big fool too, I’ll accept ‘Little Doudou’ from you,” Doudou said, and then resumed rolling around on the bed out of boredom.

It rolled from one end of the bed to the other, spinning and turning, rolling sideways and upright… its bed-rolling skills were maxed out, showcasing a variety of styles without repeating any!

“Alright, Doudou,” Scholar Song said.

Sitting at his computer, he casually flipped through the message history of the ‘Ninefold Land No. 1 Group’ to check the chats from yesterday.

He had been offline for a while, so he wanted to see what the seniors had been discussing.

After scrolling back several dozen pages, he found the seniors chatting about topics like, “How’s the scenery in the East Sea?” “Have you tried Sanlang’s food? What did you eat?” and “Which vacation resorts are the most fun?” and other trivial matters.

What a bunch of fluff!

“Strange, why were the seniors in the group so chatty yesterday?” Scholar Song wondered.

Usually, the seniors discussed things related to cultivation and exploring ancient ruins, but yesterday's chat was all over the place, veering into the absurd.

After scrolling up for several more pages where the conversation was still just as chaotic, Scholar Song finally stopped.

[The Hermit of North River’s water cooler chat was a huge success; Scholar Song didn’t stick around long enough to see the discussion about ‘Venerable Bai’.]

He then opened the group space and tended to his game farm and ranch—checking the list revealed quite a few seniors had been sneaking over to steal his crops daily.

Were these seniors really that idle?

Doudou, utterly bored, climbed back up and asked, “Scholar, woof! Do you have any games installed on your computer?”

“Oh, there’s an old game I play,” Scholar Song replied.

It was that game his three roommates often played, where they used hacks developed by Yang De to team up against others, destroying the enemy’s base to win. This game was almost a decade old now.

“Let me give it a try, woof woof!” Doudou sprang up from the bed, excitedly barking.

“Alright,” Scholar Song said as he closed the chat software and logged into the game.

Doudou jumped onto the computer desk, enlarging its body slightly, then began pawing at the keyboard with its left paw and clicking the mouse with its right. “Woof woof, let’s get hyped!”

The sight was too absurd for Scholar Song to bear—legend had it that having a teammate who was a primary school student was bad enough, but who would’ve thought it could be worse? Can you imagine how it feels to have your teammate be a dog?

Probably something like, “This is just barking mad!”

Watching the hyperactive Pekingese, Scholar Song suddenly thought of a question and asked, “Doudou, if you shrink down, can ordinary people see you?”

He worried that if his roommate came back suddenly and found a dog playing games on his computer—how would he explain it? Would they believe it was a specially trained dog?

“Don’t worry! As long as we demon beasts don’t want to be seen by ordinary folks, no one can see us,” Doudou replied nonchalantly, still focused on the game, its paws flying over the keyboard and mouse as it played with gusto.

Scholar Song nodded in relief...

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

Time flew by.

Seven days later, on June 18.

Doudou’s long-awaited Alchemical Sage still hadn’t returned!

The Alchemical Sage’s treatment of the four friends suffering from ‘amnesia’ wasn’t going smoothly, and they still hadn’t discovered the root cause of their memory loss.

The brains of these four friends weren’t damaged, and their memory abilities were intact. They hadn’t found any obvious signs of memory sealing techniques either. Yet, they couldn’t remember much about their time on the ‘Mysterious Island.’

According to the Alchemical Sage and the seniors in the group, it was most likely that their memories had been sealed by a powerful cultivator.

If that was the case, they needed to be cautious; both of those friends were Fifth Grade Spirit Monarchs, experts in the Golden Core Stage. What kind of powerful being could seal their memories?

Now, the Alchemical Sage had invited several experts in ‘memory,’ ‘spiritual power,’ and ‘sealing techniques’ from the cultivation world to study the symptoms of this amnesia together.

The Alchemical Sage mentioned in the group that it would likely take at least six months to treat the amnesia of the four friends.

Jiang Ziyan frowned and asked, “Alchemical Sage, is their amnesia really that hard to recover from?”

“Ah, it is indeed difficult to treat. To be honest, I don’t have much confidence in restoring their memories,” the Alchemical Sage sighed.

Jiang Ziyan inquired, “Do we have to stay here until they recover from their amnesia?”

“Well, not necessarily. It should take about ten more days, and we should at least confirm the ‘cause of the amnesia.’ After that, we’ll need to come up with a long-term plan to restore their memories, so there’s no need to stay here the whole time,” the Alchemical Sage said, frowning as he reviewed some data in his notebook.

“Then can we return to Jiangnan University City after confirming the cause?” Jiang Ziyan asked—she really wanted to stay with the Alchemical Sage in that little building. Scholar Song was considerate and wouldn’t often intrude on their little world.

“We can’t go back yet,” the Alchemical Sage said, putting down his data: “In another twenty days, Venerable Bai will be emerging from seclusion! By then, Scholar Song will go to meet Venerable Bai! If I go back in ten days, wouldn’t that be walking right into a trap?”

So even if they had to delay, they had to wait until Scholar Song finished the task of welcoming Venerable Bai before considering a return to Jiangnan University City.

Jiang Ziyan: “…”

……

……

Inside the building bought by the Alchemical Sage.

Taking advantage of the lunch break, Scholar Song squeezed in some time to cultivate.

He had already opened his heart’s aperture and completed the hundred-day foundation building. Now, he was working hard to break through to the second aperture, the ‘Eye Aperture.’

If he could open the Eye Aperture, his eyesight would improve significantly. Moreover, if he was lucky, he might gain a small ability similar to ‘Heavenly Eye’ when he opened it.

After completing twenty rounds of the ‘Diamond Foundation Fist Technique’ and the ‘True Self Meditation Scripture,’ Scholar Song took a Qi Blood Pill.

Once the heart aperture was opened, the time required to practice a round of the ‘Diamond Foundation Fist Technique’ was greatly reduced. He could now complete about twenty rounds in just an hour, perfectly draining his physical energy.

As his body grew stronger, his demand for Qi Blood Pills increased.

Now, after exhausting his physical energy, a single Qi Blood Pill could only restore his condition once.

He maintained a daily cultivation time of four to five hours. In just five days, he had consumed twenty Qi Blood Pills.

He shook the bottle of Qi Blood Pills in his hand; there was only one left from what he had received from the shopkeeper.

Without the support of Qi Blood Pills… factoring in the time needed to gradually restore his physical energy, he could only practice around thirty rounds a day. Purely relying on hard work, it would take him at least more than a year to open the Eye Aperture.

“Qi Blood Pills…” Scholar Song sighed. After experiencing the benefits of the Qi Blood Pills, living without them was unbearable.

Fortunately, in about fifteen days, Venerable Bai would be emerging from seclusion!

Although he didn’t know why the seniors were avoiding Venerable Bai, Scholar Song really hoped to meet Venerable Bai soon.

In his eyes, Venerable Bai represented ‘Qi Blood Pills and future cultivation techniques.’

Additionally, since he had already opened his heart aperture, he could contract a Phantom Spirit, and it would be just right to ask Venerable Bai for guidance. Having a senior's guidance would greatly increase the success rate of contracting a Phantom Spirit.

After all, he only had two chances.

Once the effects of the Qi Blood Pill wore off, Scholar Song resumed his cultivation, unwilling to waste even a bit of its power.

……

……

Today, Doudou the demon dog was nowhere to be found again, and Scholar Song couldn’t keep track of it.

Sometimes he wouldn’t see it for an entire day; occasionally, it would come check on Scholar Song, then steal his account to provoke the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain in the ‘Ninefold Land No. 1 Group,’ and then get muted again.

Then it would run off to play.

That was just how carefree its life was.

……

……

Sable Sixteen of the Su Clan hadn’t logged on since being brought back by Aqi. Perhaps she was undergoing some secret treatment?

Scholar Song felt a bit worried about Aqi. She had once told him she might only have about twenty days left to live. Now five days had passed; he wondered if she was doing alright.

Did the Su Clan really have a way to heal her injuries?

Scholar Song sighed inwardly.

His mind couldn’t help but recall the last conversation Aqi had with Su Clan’s Aqi. At that time, she had smiled brightly and said, “I’m just out for a little fresh air.”

That smile was truly beautiful, like a hundred flowers blooming. However… there was a hint of unspoken repression in that smile. It seemed she didn’t hold much hope for her survival.

……

……

The Master of Transcendence’s ‘flying sword’ had finally been sent back; this time, Sima Jiang wasn’t robbed again, which was a pleasant surprise.

The day after receiving the flying sword, ‘Three-Day Little Monk’ left a message for Scholar Song through the chat software, thanking him on behalf of the Master of Transcendence.

Little Jiang had really worked hard.

Just as Scholar Song was thinking about Little Jiang, his phone rang.

He looked at the screen and saw it was a call from Harvest Express’s Little Jiang.

“Hello? Little Jiang, what’s up?” Scholar Song answered the call.

“Scholar Song? Where are you now? There’s another urgent delivery that needs your signature,” Sima Jiang’s cheerful voice came through the phone: “This package is quite large; it’s taller than a person when stood up!”

Just like the previous two deliveries, this sender was equally impressive!

“Another package?” Scholar Song was a bit puzzled.

It seemed no one had mentioned sending him anything recently, nor had he placed any orders online.

And it was taller than a person?

“I'll be back at Jiangnan University City soon; you can just wait for me at my dorm,” Scholar Song replied.