**Threatening Me?**

If things were to progress normally, it would be his turn to shine, figuring out a way to dispel the ghostly aura looming over the Luo Xin street village, and take down the former subordinates of the altar master, bringing peace back to this land, right?

Scholar Song gazed up at the vast expanse of ghostly energy above him, letting out a quiet sigh.

After all, he was just a small cultivator at the first-grade, second-qi realm, lacking any scriptures from the Buddhist or Taoist traditions meant for dispelling evil spirits.

Though he possessed eight powerful 'Evil-Breaking Talismans,' their range was limited. Even if he used all of them at once, he couldn't possibly eliminate all the ghostly energy hanging over the village.

Thus, good steel should be used on the blade. If he wanted to restore peace to the Luo Xin street village, it was best to cut off the source of the ghostly energy, find the altar master's subordinates, and eliminate them. The eight 'Evil-Breaking Talismans' were meant for dealing with the altar master's subordinates.

As long as the mastermind behind the ghostly figures was defeated, the ghostly energy would naturally dissipate once the sun rose.

Well, thinking all this was essentially pointless—Scholar Song didn't even know where the enemy was, so he could only wait for them to show up and assess their strength.

If the enemy was weak—then he would fight!

If the enemy was strong—he would still fight! He had the Heart Thunder, Sword Talismans, Armor Talismans, an ancient bronze ring, a disposable flying sword, and a single strand of dog hair. If he really put his mind to it, taking down a few stronger foes would be no problem at all!

And if it really came to that... he still had the 'Thousand-Mile Escape Technique' to whisk him away to Venerable White's side. At that point, no matter what happened, he would have Venerable White backing him up.

Lost in thought, Old Man Tupo welcomed Scholar Song and the others inside.

“Come in, everyone! I've picked some sweet bayberries these past few days.”

Grandma Tupo had prepared a sumptuous feast, a warm welcome for Scholar Song and the others, who hadn’t eaten since their long drive over.

...

...

“Grandpa, you called me the other day to mention something strange happening in the village. What’s going on?” Tupo asked, a hint of concern for her grandfather in her voice as they sat down to eat.

Old Man Tupo sighed internally. Although that mysterious little girl wasn’t present, since Tupo brought it up, he didn’t keep it to himself any longer: “There have been several strange occurrences in the village lately. Do you remember that mountain road you took to enter the village?”

Tupo nodded, having heard about it from the phone call.

“In just five days, there were three traffic accidents on that road.” Old Man Tupo said in a solemn tone. “These weren’t collisions, and the drivers weren’t fatigued or drunk. They were just driving along when... suddenly, their windshields were cut open as if struck by some sharp object, and then they flipped their cars off the road. All three accidents were identical.”

If it were just one accident, it could be dismissed as a coincidence. But three identical, bizarre traffic accidents? That was certainly unsettling.

“Besides that, about ten days ago, there was a strange illness affecting the villagers.” Old Man Tupo frowned. “Many of the elderly have been feeling weak and lethargic, wanting to sleep all day. Initially, it was just one or two, but now a third of the village’s elderly have been affected to some extent.”

“Have they been to the hospital? It wouldn’t be some contagious disease, would it?” Tupo asked worriedly.

“That’s the truly strange part. All the affected elderly have been to the hospital for thorough examinations, but the only diagnosis they received was that they were simply overworked. The doctors assured them that they just need more rest and some supplements. And aside from the elderly, the younger folks are fine.” Old Man Tupo replied, even he had felt a little tired lately.

Scholar Song popped a bayberry into his mouth, nodding thoughtfully. The younger crowd was fine because they were strong and robust. The altar master’s subordinates must have sent ghostly figures to siphon off the ‘qi and blood’ of the villagers, but they only took a little at a time. Thus, the younger people could withstand it, while the elderly felt weak, fatigued, and sleepy.

“Then there’s the graveyard on the back mountain of our village.” Old Man Tupo chuckled bitterly. “The gravekeeper, Huang Menya, claimed he saw several ghostly figures wandering around there in the middle of the night. He described them as suddenly shooting up several meters high and disappearing without a trace.”

On the hillside behind Luo Xin street, there was a medium-sized public graveyard, and Huang Menya was the gravekeeper.

“Huang Menya must be losing his marbles,” Tupo scoffed, clearly having little regard for the man nicknamed Huang Menya.

“Initially, we thought so too, but then a few people took turns accompanying him at the graveyard for two nights and also saw the ghostly figures disappearing into thin air.” Old Man Tupo sighed, wishing he could have gone himself if he weren’t so old.

The graveyard on the back mountain? Scholar Song’s heart stirred. Could that be where the altar master’s subordinates were operating?

Old Man Tupo shared several more strange incidents, each more peculiar than the last.

It was precisely because so many odd occurrences had erupted together that even Old Man Tupo, a staunch believer in “science is power, trust in science, and reject superstition,” felt a chill in his heart, sensing something was wrong.

Li Yangde listened quietly, eventually letting out a sigh. If so many things were happening around him, he would undoubtedly start to suspect that ghosts were involved.

“Grandpa, should we prepare some black dog blood?” Tupo joked.

Old Man Tupo lightly tapped him with his chopsticks. “Don’t speak nonsense. I just feel a bit chilly inside and wanted you to keep this old man company.”

Tupo chuckled.

After enjoying their meal, they sipped tea and began chatting.

Old Man Tupo was quite the talker, so there was no worry about awkward silences with him around.

After a while, Scholar Song stretched and said with a smile, “Grandpa, I’m going out for a stroll to stretch my legs. I’ve been driving for five hours, and my whole body feels stiff.”

“Do you want me to come with you?” Tupo blurted out.

Scholar Song pointed at his own feet, chuckling silently.

Li Yangde burst into laughter.

...

...

After leaving Old Man Tupo's home, Scholar Song first returned to the car and retrieved a long item from his bag, strapping it to his back.

Inside was his treasured Broken Blade.

Then, his eyes fell on a ghost floating above the roof of the Tupo home. It was a newly formed ghost, translucent and not even qualifying as a basic ghost soldier, at most just a wandering spirit.

It hovered near the entrance of Old Man Tupo's house, but it didn’t break in, clearly trying to draw Scholar Song outside.

Once Scholar Song stepped out, the wandering spirit began to float away... stopping about a hundred meters ahead and waiting for him.

Is it trying to lure me? Scholar Song thought to himself.

With his hands in his pockets, he held an ‘Evil-Breaking Talisman’ in his left hand and a ‘Shield Talisman’ in his right, following the wandering spirit.

They walked on, and eventually, the spirit stopped atop an ordinary three-story building, its door slightly ajar, evidently waiting for Scholar Song to enter.

Scholar Song approached, gently pushing open the door and stepping inside.

The room was empty, save for a landline phone that was currently on speaker mode.

“Ha ha, you’re here. So it was you who dealt with the ghost soldiers at the village entrance?” a distinctly fake male voice came from the phone.

Scholar Song frowned. The other party was indeed very cautious.

“Are you the controller of those ghost soldiers?” Scholar Song spoke in a deep voice, trying to extract some information from the other person's words.

“Ha ha, those ghost soldiers are indeed under our control. We didn’t expect someone like you, a righteous cultivator, to come by so soon. But thankfully, your strength isn’t as formidable as we imagined.” The voice on the phone was eerie.

Scholar Song snorted coldly. Was his first-grade, second-qi cultivation really that disappointing?

“Let’s cut to the chase. Forget about that foolish ghost soldier you took out earlier. But we advise you to keep a low profile over the next few days. Stay in the village for a few days, then leave... We can coexist peacefully! Otherwise, if you irritate us, we’ll unleash all the ghosts and let everyone in the village die from ‘qi and blood depletion.’ At that point, how many ghosts do you think you can fend off alone?” The voice on the phone said ominously.

“Are you threatening me?” Scholar Song replied calmly.

“Ha ha, you can take it that way—we had no intention of killing anyone. After all, this era is different; we don’t want to massacre a village. We just need to quietly absorb some more qi and blood for a couple of days and then leave. Wouldn’t it be better if we all just got through these two days peacefully?” The voice continued coldly. “Don’t force us to kill; we don’t want to, but that doesn’t mean we won’t!”

“Ha ha.” Scholar Song chuckled.

Suddenly, he stepped forward and slammed his fist down on the phone.

Boom...

The phone shattered under his punch, and a cloud of black mist tumbled out.

It was a ghost.

From the very beginning, there hadn’t been a man on the other end of the line—only a ghost hiding inside the phone, communicating with Scholar Song.

Not one of the altar master’s subordinates.

“Next time you play phone, at least plug in the phone line, okay? Don’t be foolish and think everyone else is stupid too.” Scholar Song turned and threw another punch at the black mist.

“Damn it, how could you find out?” The black mist shifted, eventually transforming into a man clad in black armor. He wore the same armor as the ghost soldier at the village entrance, but this one was a ghost general.

Ghost generals corresponded to the second-grade realm of cultivation. Unlike ghost soldiers, ghost generals had awakened most of their memories from their past lives and possessed a certain level of intelligence.

The ghost general raised a hand, forming a large shield from his arm to block Scholar Song's punch.

Boom...

Scholar Song staggered back a step, while the ghost general was also sent flying.

It wasn’t that Scholar Song's punch was particularly powerful; rather, this ghost general was in a weakened state. It was similar to when the altar master’s subordinates secretly brought the ghost general ‘Ku You’ onto the subway, also in a weakened phase.