**The Cloud and Mist Daoist's Sense of Crisis!**

The little monk added, “He just spent four thousand bucks to buy me!”

*Snap!*

The pen in the nurse’s hand froze mid-air, and she shot a chilling glare at Cao De Lian. “Buying children, huh? Are you a human trafficker?”

As a nurse in the hospital, she had a strong aversion to human traffickers, especially since many preyed on newborns just born in hospitals.

The moment her words fell, the crowd around them all turned their eyes towards Cao De Lian, and a few hot-headed youngsters even revealed menacing smiles as they clenched their fists.

Cao De Lian's face turned as pale as a sheet.

“It’s a misunderstanding, everyone! Please don’t misunderstand!” he immediately waved his hands, instinctively wanting to lie and claim to be the little monk’s father. 

But just as he opened his mouth, a sharp pain shot through his backside! He shivered, swallowing the lie that was on the tip of his tongue.

Oh my God—what if I lie and then this brat beats me in front of everyone? I’d never be able to face anyone again!

“That mischievous kid doesn’t know better; he’ll say anything. Think about it—how could a human trafficker bring a child to the hospital for a hemorrhoid surgery? Right?” Cao De Lian waved his hands vigorously.

The nurse paused for a moment. “That’s true; a human trafficker wouldn’t take a child to the hospital, especially not for something as trivial as hemorrhoids.”

Cao De Lian’s face twisted into a bitter expression—an ultra-bitter one.

Damn it, I’m just a poor guy bringing a mischievous kid to the hospital for hemorrhoids!

After paying the registration fee, Cao De Lian hurriedly whisked the little monk away to see the doctor. He absolutely did not want to linger in the crowd for even a moment longer…

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

After Cao De Lian left...

The nurse’s previously cute expression suddenly turned cold, and she smirked, pulling out her phone to call the police.

“That little monk just said that guy bought him for four thousand bucks. Even if he’s not a human trafficker, he could be one of those who buy abducted children. Whether it’s a joke or not, I’ll report it first.”

Immediately, the crowd applauded the nurse’s decisive action.

……

Meanwhile, Cao De Lian was leading the little monk to see the hemorrhoid doctor.

Halfway there, he suddenly stopped. “Little master, just a bit further is the doctor’s office for hemorrhoids. I just got a craving for a smoke. Why don’t you go in and let the doctor check your hemorrhoids? He’ll arrange the surgery for you quickly!”

The little monk looked puzzled. “Cao benefactor, you’re not coming with me?”

“I’ll wait outside; I’m just stepping out for a smoke. I might be able to find you after your surgery,” Cao De Lian chuckled awkwardly.

“Okay, don’t worry, Cao benefactor! I’m already six years old; I can take care of myself. I’ll come find you after my surgery!” The little monk joined his hands in prayer and eagerly ran off to see the doctor.

As soon as the little monk was out of sight, Cao De Lian quickly turned and slipped out through a back door of the hospital.

He felt that nurse’s gaze was off, and she might have called the police already.

First, he needed to get out, park his old clunker by the hospital exit, and keep a low profile for a while. If the police showed up, he would need to make a run for it.

If they didn’t come, then he would wait for the little monk to finish the surgery and take him home!

Speaking of which, medical technology has advanced rapidly in recent years. For something as minor as hemorrhoids, a couple of injections at the affected area could do the trick. If it’s a bit more severe, a small surgery would only take about twenty to thirty minutes, and they could arrange it pretty quickly.

He could definitely afford to wait for that!

I’m so smart! Cao De Lian couldn’t help but pat himself on the back.

At that moment, he didn’t notice a Pekingese dog disdainfully snorting above his head.

“Little brat, you actually brought the little monk to Wenzhou City. It made me run such a long way,” Doudou grumbled, contemplating how to mess with Cao De Lian.

But first, he needed to call Scholar Song to report that he had found the little monk.

With that thought, Doudou rummaged through his fur and pulled out a fruity-brand phone.

Yep, this was purchased online by Doudou. As for the money… naturally, it came from the account of the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain.

As for how a Pekingese could receive a package, that’s a secret Doudou had his own methods for.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

At this time, in the Alchemist's building, Venerable White was still teaching Scholar Song the fire control technique.

Scholar Song rapidly formed hand seals, using his mental energy to channel the blood energy from his heart and eyes into a force to control the flames.

“Rise!” Scholar Song exclaimed!

The flames beneath the furnace flickered slightly, seeming to glow a bit brighter…

Scholar Song eagerly asked, “Venerable, is the flame getting stronger?”

“Hmm, it’s about the size of a fingernail now,” Venerable White said with a dry laugh, clearly reluctant in his words.

Scholar Song’s spirits sank. This fire control technique was hundreds of times harder to master than the ‘Palm Thunder’!

“Venerable, do you think I’m just not cut out for alchemy? Why can’t I seem to grasp this fire control technique?” Scholar Song inquired.

“No, don’t lose heart. The fire control technique is inherently difficult to practice! Especially for someone at your level, it’s even more challenging. In fact, many practitioners reach the third-grade postnatal warrior stage without being able to use the ‘fire control technique’ effectively,” Venerable White comforted him. After a moment, he added, “When I was learning the fire control technique, it took me several times longer than it did to learn Palm Thunder!”

“Really?” Scholar Song’s confidence was slightly restored at those words.

Venerable White nodded in satisfaction—when he learned Palm Thunder, he picked it up instantly after a glance. However, it took him a serious study of the fire control technique from start to finish, and even then, he had to simulate it in his mind before he learned it. It indeed took several times longer.

Scholar Song practiced the ‘fire control technique’ two more times, and perhaps Venerable White’s encouragement had really worked, as this time the fire surged by half!

“I did it!” Scholar Song exclaimed joyfully, then plopped down onto the floor.

His mental energy and the blood energy in his heart and eyes were almost entirely spent, even the reserves left by the Phantom Spirit were drained.

“Take a break, have a blood replenishment pill, and then we’ll continue. Once you master the fire control technique, I’ll teach you how to refine blood replenishment pills,” Venerable White smiled.

“Absolutely! I think in just two or three days, I’ll master this fire control technique!” Scholar Song replied confidently.

Venerable White nodded, putting away the ‘Three-Star Fire Fan.’ “Then I’ll take this back to repair.”

“Okay,” Scholar Song agreed.

Just then, his pocket buzzed with a ringtone.

He pulled out his phone to see a number from Jiangnan region—Mo Sheng.

Who would call me at this hour? Scholar Song wondered.

When he answered the call...

“Woof woof, Scholar, I found the little monk, Guoguo!” Doudou’s voice came from the other end.

So it was Doudou’s phone! But when did Doudou get a phone?

Wait a minute, the phone can be bought online, but where did the SIM card come from? Nowadays, getting a SIM card requires binding personal ID!

But that’s beside the point—Doudou just said he found the little monk?

“Where is that mischievous kid now?” Scholar Song grinned, just waiting to catch this little brat and teach him a lesson!

“He’s run off far away, and he’s currently at a hospital in Wenzhou City, getting hemorrhoids removed!” Doudou laughed.

“Wenzhou City? How did he get so far away?” Scholar Song was dumbfounded.

“Want me to help you get him back? I’m in a good mood right now. Just promise to take me flying, and I’ll help you catch the little monk!” Doudou proposed over the phone.

“No need, no need! Doudou, you just keep an eye on the little monk. I happen to need to go back to Wenzhou City!” Scholar Song replied.

“You’re going to Wenzhou City?” Doudou asked curiously.

“Of course! It’s been several days of summer vacation; I need to head back home,” Scholar Song said with a smile.

His hometown is in Wenzhou City.

The summer vacation has been going for a while now; it’s about time he visited. He hadn’t seen Father Song and Mother Song in a semester!

Also, the spirit vein green tea is ready; he can give some to his parents to boost their health.

And of course, he needs to prepare some for Zhao Yaya…

Then there are Grandpa and Grandma; his maternal grandparents live in another city, so he’ll see if he can visit them during this summer vacation.

With those thoughts in mind, Scholar Song turned to Venerable White and asked, “By the way, Venerable, would you like to come with me to Wenzhou City? Our local snacks are quite famous. There are more varieties than in the Luo Xin district outside Jiangnan University Town, and they taste even better.”

“Are there bayberries?” Venerable White asked abruptly.

“Uh… Yes, there are! Although they’re not a specialty, we do have quite a few bayberries,” Scholar Song answered—by the way, Venerable, haven’t you had enough of those these past few days?

“Good, then after ‘Teacher Xiao Li’ brings us back, we’ll go,” Venerable White beamed.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

In a certain area of the Middle Land.

A figure flew through the air on a sword, drifting about.

The Cloud and Mist Daoist had been living quite the carefree life lately.

It had been three days since he broke free from the ‘Five Finger Mountain Seal’ of the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain, yet the sage hadn’t come after him again!

“Ha ha ha, that big fool of Yellow Mountain probably still doesn’t know that I’ve broken free!” the Cloud and Mist Daoist boasted.

These past few days had been incredibly enjoyable.

After being sealed for two hundred years, the world outside had changed so much!

In the last three days, the Cloud and Mist Daoist had tasted nearly a hundred different delicacies and played countless types of games.

Moreover, he had posted many selfies to his social media, and as usual, his photos received a warm reception from hundreds of people in his group.

What a great feeling, the Cloud and Mist Daoist mused.

The only downside was that he had recently been feeling an inexplicable sense of crisis looming over him, but he couldn’t pinpoint the source…