**Reading is Absolutely Useless**

After letting out a deep sigh, Lu Tianyou adjusted his smile in the reflection of the car window. It wasn’t easy to force out a smile that looked halfway decent, but he did his best to keep it in place as he picked up the statue and followed his old man.

The saying goes, “Don’t hit someone who is smiling at you.” He hoped that his cheerful grin would convince Uncle Song not to shoo him away with a broom when he delivered the statue.

Once Old Lu reached the stairs, his voice preceded him: “Old Song, I’m here! Wahahaha!”

“……” Father Song pushed up his glasses, feeling a dull ache in his liver at the sound of that laugh.

Before long, Old Lu barged in, with Lu Tianyou trailing behind him.

“You old rascal, after a year, you finally remember to come visit my family?” Father Song seized the moment and mentioned the sensitive word “year.”

“Hahaha, I’ve been too busy, you know?” Old Lu chuckled awkwardly.

Father Song raised an eyebrow, knowing that Old Lu was about to start bragging about his son.

True to their decades-long friendship, Old Lu acted just as Father Song had predicted.

With a booming laugh, Old Lu turned and called out, “Haha, Tianyou, come over and greet your Uncle Song!”

Lu Tianyou, holding the large statue, stepped in with a stiff, awkward smile plastered across his face. “Hello, Uncle Song.”

“Hey, Old Song, have you noticed how much taller Tianyou has gotten recently? He’s already half a head taller than me!” Old Lu said, visibly proud—he had never lost the height competition against Old Song since childhood!

Father Song thought of his own son, Scholar Song, who stood at 175 cm. While not short, he seemed dwarfed by Lu Tianyou’s towering figure of over 190 cm.

With a sigh, Father Song knew that after bragging about their sons, Old Lu would soon be bragging about his son’s career.

Settling into a chair next to Father Song, Old Lu said, “Old Song, remember how Tianyou dropped out of school two years ago? He’s been hustling out there for the past few years, and he’s finally achieved some success! You know about the precious wood business, right? When he invested a few years ago, no one thought much of it. But recently, that business has been booming, and Tianyou’s got an eye for it! Last year alone, he made over ten million!”

“Talented at a young age, much better than you, Old Lu!” Father Song subtly mocked.

As expected, after boasting about his son’s achievements, Old Lu was now ready to flaunt his son’s luxury car, just like Father Song had anticipated.

“By the way, Old Song, did you see the car parked downstairs? A fully-loaded BMW 7 Series. It’s not that great of a car, really, but it cost over two million! Tianyou even thinks it’s not classy enough and plans to upgrade to something better in a couple of years. You know, something like a Ferrari!” Old Lu patted Father Song on the shoulder, his pride undeniable.

At this moment, Lu Tianyou wished he could sink into the ground, utterly embarrassed. But he could only manage a stiff smile in response to Father Song’s compliments.

Luxury cars! 

Damn it! Once Scholar Song graduates, he better start making money fast. Forget about a BMW; he should aim for a Ferrari. If he can’t make that much, I’ll be the one to suffer… Ugh, forget it. Earning money isn’t that easy!

“Here, Old Song, I didn’t bring much else. Just this statue. I heard you like collecting these things, so I spent a lot of effort getting it made. The original statue caused quite a stir online back in the day. Unfortunately, I couldn’t get the original, so I had to settle for something similar.” Old Lu reached out his hand, signaling to his son to present the gift.

Lu Tianyou’s face twitched as he forced himself to maintain a bright smile, carefully handing over the statue.

Father Song adjusted his glasses and accepted the statue—this gift from Old Lu was definitely not something good.

It felt quite heavy; was it made of bronze?

Then, he lifted the cloth covering the statue, revealing an exquisite piece.

It was a slender literary girl sitting gracefully, with an open book resting on her lap. She had her head slightly raised, and in one hand, she held a dove poised for flight…

This statue was actually quite nice, with a beautiful aesthetic. The literary girl looked lifelike. Father Song was momentarily puzzled; could it be that Old Lu had genuinely turned over a new leaf by gifting him something he liked?

“Hahaha, isn’t it great? This statue is fantastic!” Old Lu exclaimed, his exaggerated grin stretching wide. “Look at this literary girl reading while holding up a bird—this is the famous ‘Reading is Absolutely Useless’ statue that caused such a buzz back then! I’ve been preparing for over a year to finally give it to you today!”

Revenge, pure and simple revenge!

Old Lu was getting back at Father Song for showing off Scholar Song at his place last year.

—What good is studying hard, when my son dropped out of school and still made a fortune? “Reading is absolutely useless,” was the thought echoing in Old Lu’s mind.

“Hahaha, very good, very good!” Father Song gritted his teeth as he repeated the phrase three times. “I’ll accept this gift! I’ll make sure to ‘treasure’ it properly!”

Father Song had made up his mind to keep the statue safe.

When Scholar Song becomes successful, he could use this statue to slap Old Lu in the face. If Scholar Song turns out to be a failure, he could use it to smack Scholar Song instead!

In the kitchen, Mother Song shook her head secretly, feeling that both her husband and Old Lu were hopeless. These two old geezers couldn’t help but take jabs at each other, or they wouldn’t feel comfortable.

“Hahaha, take good care of it; this is my heartfelt gift!” Old Lu grinned, feeling satisfied—after a year of holding back, he finally got his payback. Seeing Old Song grit his teeth while accepting the gift filled him with a warm sense of relief.

“You two really don’t care if your kids laugh at you, do you? Stop talking nonsense. Tianyou, sit down and eat!” Mother Song emerged from the kitchen, bringing out the last dish and serving everyone a bowl of white rice.

“Hey, Sister-in-law, got any liquor? Let’s start with a drink!” Old Lu eyed the white rice in front of him, smacking his lips—he felt so good inside that he wanted to wash it down with strong liquor.

Mother Song rolled her eyes. “No drinking on an empty stomach; eat first, then drink!”

“Right, in my house, we always eat first and drink later. Old Lu, with your build, you won’t be satisfied with just one bowl; you need at least three bowls of rice!” Father Song said sternly.

“Pfft, you old fool, we’re eating first! After we eat, I’m going to get you so drunk you won’t know what hit you!” Old Lu scooped up his bowl and started shoveling food into his mouth.

Lu Tianyou sat down next to his father, forced a smile after thanking Mother Song, and began to eat.

“By the way, Old Song, where’s Scholar Song? Isn’t it summer vacation yet?” Old Lu asked after swallowing a few bites.

“He called last time, saying a friend invited him over. He should be back soon.” Father Song replied casually.

At that moment, he didn’t want Scholar Song to come back and get teased—Old Lu’s mouth was merciless, and if Scholar Song were there, he’d be subjected to all sorts of mockery. Thank goodness Scholar Song was off visiting friends; that was a relief.

“Haha, I see. What a shame.” Old Lu continued eating. “Speaking of which, isn’t it about time Scholar Song learned to drive? Has he started yet?”

“He mentioned it to me, but I’m not sure if he has.” Father Song replied.

“If he hasn’t learned yet, I’ll bring my BMW 7 over and teach him during summer vacation! After all, I used to be a driving instructor!” Old Lu patted his chest confidently.

Father Song’s mouth twitched violently… Old Lu’s braggadocio was unbearable to witness.

But one day, when Scholar Song returns driving a luxury car, just wait until I can boast twice as much! 

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

Time flew by, and before long, two hours had passed.

In the meantime, Scholar Song had even refueled the tractor—Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain never could have predicted that Venerable White would choose to take him home in a tractor, which is why he didn’t even prepare spare fuel!

At first, Venerable White was having a blast driving the tractor, thoroughly enjoying himself.

But after two hours, he seemed to be getting a bit tired of it.

“Scholar, are we almost there?” Venerable White asked.

“Almost! At the rate we’re going, we should be home in just over an hour.” Scholar Song sighed, marveling at how Venerable White managed to make the tractor go as fast as a sports car.

“Another hour, huh?” Venerable White sighed wistfully, then suddenly his eyes lit up. “Scholar, let’s switch! You drive!”

“Me drive? I don’t know how to drive a tractor!” Scholar Song’s mouth twitched.

“No worries, it’s easy. I’ll teach you.” Venerable White found a stretch of road with no one around and slowly pulled the tractor over. Once stopped, he jumped down and stretched his legs.

Scholar Song had no choice but to take the wheel.

Venerable White moved to Scholar Song’s seat and curled up beside him, pointing out how to operate the tractor.

Some things were easier than they seemed, and Scholar Song quickly got the hang of it.

“Vroom vroom… putt putt putt…” The tractor belched black smoke and happily sped down the road.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

Somewhere in Middle Land.

The Cloud-Wisp Daoist sat cross-legged on a beam of light formed by a sword, drifting leisurely in the air.

“It’s about time to head back to the Empty Thief Sect; that old guy from Yellow Mountain is pathetic. He still hasn’t come to catch me. I’ve been carefully guarding against his surprise attack day and night, what a waste of effort.” The Cloud-Wisp Daoist stood up and stretched.

Having been wary of the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain, he hadn’t dared to contact the disciples of the Empty Thief Sect since escaping from the Five Finger Mountain’s sealed area, fearing that the Immortal Sage would trace him back.

The Cloud-Wisp Daoist pulled out a map from his pocket and carefully checked his current location. “If I go a bit further, I should be heading towards Wenzhou City.”