Meteor… Boom! (4th update, seeking monthly tickets)

Seeing Scholar Song’s surprised expression, Father Song asked curiously, “Can’t you film it before the New Year? How long will it take? By the way, what type of film are you making? Is it something like those funny videos you see online?”

“Cough, no.” Scholar Song patted his chest confidently. “Don’t worry, I’ll definitely get it done before the New Year! No matter what, I have to produce a short film!”

And he was determined to create a character that screamed opulence… Someone who could tip a waiter hundreds of thousands and have hundreds of luxury car registrations in their name.

One shouldn’t tell lies; there’s always a price to pay for deceit.

He glanced back to see if there were any seniors in the all-powerful ‘Ninefold Land One’ group who invested in the film industry.

From what Scholar Song knew about the seniors in the group, their interests spanned every corner of the world—someone had even invested in a Mars probe!

There might just be a senior who owns a film company. If that were the case, he could shamelessly ask them for help in making his short film. He could play the role of a lavish character without any complaints, ready to go whenever called, and he wouldn’t even have to pay a salary!

……

……

On the mountain path, Zhao Yayaya leaned against the railing. Perhaps due to the wind direction, she could clearly hear the conversation between Scholar Song, Father Song, and Uncle Lu.

“He’s lying,” Zhao Yayaya murmured softly. Even from a distance, she could tell from Scholar Song’s subtle body language that he was being dishonest.

Whether it was about the driver’s license or the film, he was lying.

……

……

Scholar Song made two trips to escort Father Song and Uncle Lu up the mountain path and then brought his big suitcase along.

Zhao Yayaya performed a quick check on the three of them; aside from Uncle Lu, who had a sprained waist, there were no other issues.

Then, she said to Father Song, “Uncle, I’ll take you and Uncle Lu home first… um, but we might need to split up for the ride back.”

The three of them had driven two-seater sports cars, so they could only take three people per trip.

“Yayaya, you guys take my dad and Uncle Lu home first. Then, you can come back for me.” Scholar Song smiled and said, “I also need to notify a friend to help get the tractor up here.”

“Sure, wait for me here; I’ll be back soon.” Zhao Yayaya nodded.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

Father Song and the others got into Zhao Yayaya’s car, and Scholar Song’s big suitcase was taken home first by her…

Once Zhao Yayaya drove off, Scholar Song let out a heavy sigh of relief.

Then, he leaped towards the tractor again.

The tractor still had the white elder’s formation symbols attached. It would be safer to tear off the other symbols first, aside from the one that reinforced the vehicle’s structure.

Additionally, there was a large meteorite in the back of the tractor.

With no one around to watch, Scholar Song activated the ‘Gentleman’s Journey’ technique and jumped over to the side of the tractor in just two leaps.

“First, let’s get the tractor upright,” Scholar Song thought to himself.

With a swift movement, he grabbed onto the tractor’s body.

“Ha!” He shouted, channeling the blood and energy from his core and eyes in a single burst. The supplementary technique, ‘Immovable Diamond Body,’ activated, surrounding his body with a faint golden aura.

In the next moment, Scholar Song’s arms strained as he lifted!

The tractor, which resembled a turtle flipped on its back, was forcefully raised up—thanks to the ‘Reduced Gravity’ formation that the white elder had reinforced on it.

Then, he used all his strength, secretly employing the techniques from ‘Basic Diamond Fist,’ and with a mighty heave, the heavy tractor was flipped upright, crashing down to the ground with a loud ‘clang.’

Aside from a bit of diesel leaking out, the entire tractor was unscathed.

However, the meteorite on the ground appeared to have developed numerous small cracks on its surface, possibly from falling from a height or being crushed by the tractor’s heavy body.

Scholar Song curiously crouched next to the meteorite. “Strange, is this meteorite really so fragile?”

When he first saw it, this meteorite had crushed the empty thief door of the ‘Cloud-Wisp Daoist,’ sending him plummeting from the sky, and it had even created a big pit on the ground.

If this meteorite were truly this fragile, it should have shattered into countless pieces when it brought the Cloud-Wisp Daoist down from the sky, right?

Moreover… Scholar Song still remembered that when he first lifted this meteorite, he had faintly sensed the aura of the white elder. What exactly was this meteorite’s origin?

……

……

Thus, Scholar Song leaned closer to the meteorite, examining it carefully.

“Upon closer inspection, the upper and lower surfaces of this meteorite seem a bit too flat,” Scholar Song thought to himself.

On the lower flat surface, there was faintly the aura of the Cloud-Wisp Daoist. It was likely that when the Cloud-Wisp Daoist encountered this meteorite, he tried to slice it with his sword, leaving behind a flat surface.

On the other surface, if one were to sense carefully, they could feel the aura of the white elder.

But why was there the presence of the white elder on this meteorite?

Scholar Song pondered silently, “Could it be those disposable flying swords sent into space?”

Especially since recently, the elders had launched quite a few disposable flying swords into the sky.

If those disposable flying swords had struck the meteorite, slicing it open, it would indeed leave behind such a flat surface.

Scholar Song’s fingers gently brushed over the cracks in the meteorite as he activated his mental energy to sense the aura within.

“Ah, now I see!” He suddenly realized.

From the cracks in the meteorite, he could sense the traces of sword energy from both the white elder and the Cloud-Wisp Daoist clashing against each other.

The two sword energies had used the meteorite as a medium for their confrontation, causing extensive damage to the internal structure of the meteorite.

That’s why when Scholar Song lifted the meteorite onto the vehicle, he felt it was unexpectedly ‘light.’

It was because this meteorite was already ‘golden on the outside, rotten on the inside,’ existing merely as a shell.

Afterward, during the tractor’s tipping incident, the internal cracks finally reached the surface!

……

……

“Speaking of which, what would the inside of the meteorite look like after the two sword energies clashed?” A surge of curiosity welled up in Scholar Song’s heart.

Since the meteorite was already cracked, why not blow it open and take a look?

Let’s do it!

Scholar Song gathered his blood and energy at his fist.

“Basic Fist Technique, One!” He shouted, and his right fist slammed hard against the meteorite!

Crack, crack…

The outer layer of the meteorite quickly shattered, the shell peeling away in large chunks.

Just as the meteorite was about to reveal its interior, an ominous premonition suddenly surged within Scholar Song.

He quickly reached into his pocket, grabbing the last ‘Armor Talisman’ in his hand, just in case.

Boom…

At that moment, once the outer shell had reduced to about one-third of its original size, the meteorite suddenly exploded.

Crap, why is it exploding?!