**Doudou Runs Off with the Little Monk**

“?” Scholar Song looked at Fay Yu in confusion, unsure of her intentions.

After taking out her items, Fay Yu set up a small altar on the bedside for Venerable White, placing an incense burner on it.

Next, she pinched the tip of the incense, releasing her qi to ignite it.

Once the incense was lit, she held it respectfully and bowed deeply to Venerable White, her little face serious, as if she were worshiping a deity.

After completing her ritual, she dutifully inserted the incense sticks into the burner.

Scholar Song: “…”

What’s going on? This feels really strange… Venerable White is still alive, and he’s not a statue!

Unable to contain his curiosity, he asked, “Fay Yu, what are you doing?”

“Eh? Scholar Song, you don’t know?” Fay Yu looked at him in surprise. “Have you never offered incense to Venerable White before?”

“That’s what I’m saying! Why should I offer incense to Venerable White?” Scholar Song sighed.

“Scholar Song, your understanding of cultivation is really lacking,” Fay Yu remarked, shaking her head in dismay.

Scholar Song was taken aback: “So, every cultivator has to set up an altar and offer incense when they meet a senior?”

Is it a requirement for junior cultivators to carry around incense burners and offer incense in front of their seniors? No way, that would be ridiculous!

“Not at all! You don’t have to do that for other seniors. But Venerable White is rare and special!” Fay Yu gestured widely with her hands.

She continued to explain, “In the cultivation world, it’s widely known that if you encounter Venerable White while he’s in seclusion, and conditions allow, you can offer incense and make a wish… It’s said to be quite effective!”

“Offering incense and making a wish? Really?” Scholar Song rubbed his face vigorously.

Has Venerable White’s ‘reversed fortune’ actually grown to such an extent?

—Speaking of which, he recalled the time when they brought Venerable White back from the ‘Nameless Immortal’s Temple.’ Back then, Venerable White was treated like an immortal statue, receiving offerings from everyone.

Moreover, the Nameless Immortal’s Temple was quite famous—rumor had it that if one made a sincere wish, many people’s wishes came true.

So, this is legit… Venerable White even has a reputation in the cultivation world.

But wouldn’t wishing on Venerable White come with risks? For example, if you wished for divine powers, might you first plummet off a cliff—if you were lucky, you might fall halfway and land in a hole where you’d gain those powers; but if not, you’d fall off the cliff and end up a mess!

“Fay Yu, can I ask something? Has anyone ever wished and gotten seriously injured or died when their wish came true?” Scholar Song asked cautiously.

Fay Yu pondered for a moment and shook her head. “I don’t know about that. The rumors in the cultivation world just say that wishing on Venerable White during his seclusion might lead to your wish being granted. There aren’t any other stories attached.”

Just then, the incense Fay Yu had burned quickly extinguished.

“Ah, using qi to light it really is problematic; it burns too fast,” Fay Yu mumbled.

However, she didn’t intend to light another stick, quietly starting to put away the altar and incense burner.

Scholar Song watched as she tapped her little pouch against the burner, causing it to shrink until it was only the size of a marble, which she then placed into her pouch. She used the same method to pack up the altar.

What a handy item… If only I could find the shed skin of a ‘one-inch snake’ myself.

Wait a minute!

Venerable White, I’m not wishing here! Scholar Song glanced at Venerable White lying on the bed, silently adding that in his mind.

……

……

Next, Scholar Song brewed a cup of Spirit Pulse Green Tea and handed it to Fay Yu.

“Eh? When did you get Spirit Pulse Green Tea?” Fay Yu asked in confusion. The one she had sent him was still with Mother Song, but just now, Scholar Song had taken it from his own room.

“It was a gift from Sable Sixteen of the Su Clan in the Ninefold Land group. I helped her a bit last time, so I guess it’s a thank you,” Scholar Song explained.

“Oh, Sable Sixteen, I’ve heard about her in the group,” Fay Yu said, sitting on the edge of the bed, her small feet swinging up and down, her pristine toes playfully curling.

She hadn’t even put on her sandals when she was offering incense just now.

Scholar Song pulled out a chair from his desk and sat down. Remembering that Fay Yu had just made a wish to Venerable White, he asked with some concern, “Fay Yu, what did you wish for? Is it something you can share?”

After all, wishes could be quite personal.

“Ah, it’s a small matter, so I can share. I wished for Venerable White’s blessing for whatever I’m about to do next to go smoothly,” Fay Yu replied with a smile.

Whatever you’re going to do next? Scholar Song’s mind clicked into gear: “Is it about the treasure map? Do you want to explore that treasure?”

Fay Yu had mentioned before in their chats that she had found a treasure map in her father’s notebook and had said she wanted to go treasure hunting with Scholar Song when she had the chance.

“Not that! Although I did bring the treasure map with me this time, I mainly came out for something else!” Fay Yu said, sitting up straight and beginning to speak earnestly.

……

……

Fay Yu had a friend named Chu Chunying, the daughter of a small cultivation family. Fay Yu had met her when she traveled the world with the Spirit Butterfly Elder as a child.

The two had kept in touch intermittently since then.

However, not long ago, Chu Chunying suddenly lost contact, and Fay Yu found it strange, so she had someone investigate.

She then learned that Chu Chunying’s cultivation family had encountered some trouble.

About a hundred years ago, the Chu family had obtained a scroll of exceptional sword techniques. This matter had been kept secret, and no one knew. The Chu family had secretly cultivated it behind closed doors.

But somehow, last year the word leaked, attracting the attention of a cultivation sect. Although this sect wasn’t a major one, they were much stronger than Chu Chunying’s small family.

Consequently, the sect began to make things difficult for the Chu family, trying to force them to hand over the sword techniques.

This harassment had been going on for over six months now.

“Isn’t anyone looking into this?” Scholar Song asked. “Is there no ‘Cultivator’s Alliance Leader’ in the cultivation world to step in and stop that sect?”

“Actually, there is an alliance leader, but as far as I remember, that leader has been in seclusion for nearly six hundred years and has no idea when they’ll come out,” Fay Yu sighed.

This was the most frustrating part of the cultivation world—if you wanted to be the alliance leader, you had to be exceptionally powerful, or how could you command respect?

But powerful seniors often went into seclusion for hundreds or even thousands of years. During that time, who would take care of things?

Could they just choose another leader?

But what good would that do… Maybe, just after appointing someone as the leader, they’d decide to go for a ‘ten-thousand-year seclusion package’!

Thus, the role of alliance leader in the cultivation world was pretty much like that…

“However, aside from the alliance leader, some major sects from the Dao and Buddhist schools do keep an eye on the cultivation world to prevent chaos. If anyone oversteps their bounds and causes public outrage, they’ll have to face the consequences,” Fay Yu explained.

Because of this, the sect didn’t dare to directly seize the sword techniques but resorted to petty tactics to make things difficult for the small family.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

“So, Fay Yu, are you planning to help your friend? How do you intend to assist?” Scholar Song inquired.

“I haven’t figured out how to help yet… I’m planning to go there first and see if there’s anything I can do. If that sect goes too far, I’ll head back to Spirit Butterfly Island and bring people to support my friend’s family! When reason fails, we’ll see whose fists are stronger!” Fay Yu clenched her fist, showing off her sharp little canines.

“Is there anything I can help with?” Scholar Song asked—cultivation sects and families sounded thrilling. If possible, he’d love to experience it firsthand.

Fay Yu glanced at him and tried to say it tactfully, “Not really, Scholar Song. Your cultivation level is a bit low, so you wouldn’t be able to help much.”

Scholar Song felt like crying—sorry, I’m just a weakling, I’m really sorry!

“Once I’ve helped my friend and if my father hasn’t sent anyone to drag me back, I’ll go treasure hunting with you, Scholar Song!” Fay Yu patted his shoulder, offering comfort.

Scholar Song replied, “Sounds good.”

“By the way, I heard that Doudou from the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain is with you? Why haven’t I seen it? I’ve never had the chance to meet Doudou. Every time my father took me to visit the Immortal Sage, Doudou was always running away from home,” Fay Yu asked curiously.

“Doudou is currently at the hospital with the little monk, Guoguo, getting treatment for hemorrhoids. Today should be Guoguo’s last treatment, so Doudou should be back soon,” Scholar Song explained.

Just as he was talking about Doudou, his phone rang. It was indeed a call from Doudou.

“It seems Doudou is coming home. Let me take this call,” Scholar Song said, smiling as he answered the phone.

“Hello, Scholar Song, it’s me, Zhou Li,” came the voice on the other end, but it sounded unusually heavy, filled with deep weariness.

Scholar Song was puzzled by how he could detect so much emotion from Zhou Li’s tone, but he did!

“Zhou Li, what’s going on? You don’t sound right,” Scholar Song asked.

“Doudou ran away,” Zhou Li said, seemingly drained of all his strength as he uttered those words. “And he took that little monk, Guoguo, with him. I’m so sorry, Scholar Song. I was right next to them but couldn’t keep an eye on them!”

“……” Scholar Song felt like he was about to cough up blood.