**Chapter [Insert Chapter Number]**

"You're going to pay, Mistress Scallion!"

Scholar Song quickly summarized the events of the last couple of days to Venerable White.

Starting from the ‘Mistress of Cloud and Mist Incident’ that occurred while Venerable White was in seclusion, to the ‘Hand-Pulled Tractor Accident’, the ‘Meteor Explosion along with the Hand-Pulled Tractor Explosion’, the emergence of the ‘Wisdom Stone’, the ‘Mistress Scallion Seizing the Wisdom Stone Incident’, and finally the ‘Three Hundred Years of Scallion Essence Stir-Fried Lamb Incident’.

"All of that happened while I was in seclusion? You’ve really had an exciting couple of days," Venerable White remarked, his expression suddenly shifting to one of heartache. "Wait, did you just say the hand-pulled tractor exploded?"

"Yeah, the meteor's sudden explosion affected the tractor too," Scholar Song replied, a bit embarrassed. He tried to comfort him, "Don’t worry, Senior! If you really like hand-pulled tractors, we can ask the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain for another one! I’m sure he can whip up an identical tractor for you."

"Good point... We should ask for a few more!" Venerable White’s eyes lit up.

He had always enjoyed driving tractors, especially the thrill of starting them up when the engine would rumble and shake, filling him with excitement and joy.

Scholar Song was puzzled. "What do you want a few more for?"

"Well, I just remembered the ‘Flying Sword Competition’ for cultivators. I thought, why not organize a ‘Hand-Pulled Tractor Race’ with a few friends? Everyone can customize their own tractor, and we can see who can go the fastest! Sounds like a blast!" Venerable White said, stroking his chin thoughtfully.

Scholar Song subtly turned his head away, trying not to let Venerable White see his expression. Just the thought of a bunch of immortals, Daoists, and masters racing hand-pulled tractors at breakneck speeds down the highway made him at a loss for how to convey his chaotic inner thoughts.

"Let’s have the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain prepare thirty or forty of them. I’ve been in seclusion long enough; it’s time to gather the few friends who are still alive for a get-together. The hand-pulled tractor race would be a great opportunity," Venerable White decided.

Scholar Song was speechless.

Venerable White was serious about this! The scene he had imagined might very well come true!

He just hoped they could find an empty place for the competition.

Otherwise, if they got caught by the traffic police… just imagining the police officer’s reaction upon seeing a group of Daoists, monks, ancient beauties, and perhaps even scholars in traditional garb racing hand-pulled tractors was enough to make him shudder.

...

"Now that we've settled the hand-pulled tractor situation, let’s talk about the Wisdom Stone. Is this little scallion here the three hundred-year-old scallion essence you mentioned?" Venerable White asked, gently flicking the scallion essence.

The scallion essence's leaves shrank back slightly—she had peeked out from Scholar Song's pocket earlier to see what was happening outside.

At that moment, she had clearly witnessed the powerful elder effortlessly obliterating a second-tier cultivator, who turned into a puddle of golden sand. Just recalling that scene made her roots feel a bit weak.

"That’s the little scallion essence," Scholar Song confirmed.

"This little scallion essence is quite interesting... You were able to fill your ear passages with vital energy all at once because you ate her leaves, right? In that case, take good care of her! Once your ear passages open up, this little scallion should grow another segment. You can just pluck her leaves again to fill your mouth’s vital energy. Even if it doesn’t fill up completely, a few more doses should do the trick. She’s a treasure!" Venerable White smiled at Scholar Song.

Mistress Scallion felt the world go dark in front of her...

"Actually, I was hoping you could seal away her memories of the Wisdom Stone and let her go. This scallion essence… has had quite a tragic past. It seems she hasn’t had it easy," Scholar Song said, his good-natured side coming out.

Hearing this, Mistress Scallion’s eyes brightened!

"However, it seems this scallion essence has rooted itself on the Wisdom Stone... and it can’t be pulled off. If we try to force it, I’m afraid I’ll damage her roots, and then she really will die," Scholar Song sighed.

Mistress Scallion’s eyes immediately glistened with moisture—why did she have to be so impulsive that day and crawl onto Scholar Song’s pocket with the Wisdom Stone? Now, she was stuck there.

"Rooting on the Wisdom Stone is also a blessing for her," Venerable White said. "Until we find a solution, take good care of her for a while... The Wisdom Stone will bring her many benefits for her future. And in a while, those leaves she grows can be considered her payment to you for taking root on the Wisdom Stone!"

Mistress Scallion felt her world go dark again—was she truly unable to escape her fate of being ‘cut and sliced’?

...

"By the way, Scholar, you mentioned that the meteor that the Wisdom Stone was parasitizing contained the sword energy of both me and the Cloud and Mist Daoist, right?" Venerable White gently caressed the Wisdom Stone.

After detaching from the meteor, the residual aura of Venerable White and the sword energy of the Cloud and Mist Daoist on the Wisdom Stone had become exceedingly faint and was continuously dissipating.

In another day or two, the lingering sword intent of Venerable White and the Cloud and Mist Daoist would completely vanish.

"I was wondering if it was your one-time use flying sword that left the sword energy on the meteor when it shot into space?" Scholar Song speculated.

"It wasn’t a one-time flying sword," Venerable White smiled. "Even if it were my sword energy, the aura it leaves would differ due to the different techniques used. If my memory serves me right, that sword energy is from the ‘Sky Peng Escape Technique’. I’ve never used that sword escape with a one-time flying sword."

"Sky Peng Escape Technique?" Scholar Song found the name somewhat familiar. After thinking for a moment, he suddenly recalled, "You mean the helicopter we flew into space last time?"

"Exactly," Venerable White nodded. "The Wisdom Stone is a strange kind of exotic stone, its energy doesn’t belong to the cultivator’s system. When it was hidden within the meteor, even I couldn’t sense its presence—who would have thought that I’d unknowingly choose a resting spot on a meteor that contained a Wisdom Stone?"

At this moment, Scholar Song could only think one thing: Venerable White’s luck was astonishingly off the charts!

"Now that we have the Wisdom Stone and the scallion essence, Scholar Song, you have everything ready. Work hard on your cultivation. Strive to break through to the first-tier realm soon and leap through the dragon gate, transforming from ordinary to extraordinary!" Venerable White encouraged.

As he spoke, he glanced out the window, smiled gently, nodded lightly, and then let out a soft snort.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

On a rooftop outside the window, the Cloud and Mist Daoist was drenched in cold sweat.

"Did I get discovered?" he murmured, feeling that Venerable White’s glance just now was directed right at him.

Fortunately… he bore no ill intentions.

Otherwise, the masked man who had turned to golden sand earlier could have very well been his fate.

That masked man was only a second-tier cultivator, and the gap in strength between him and Venerable White was simply too vast. The huge disparity meant that the masked man couldn’t even sense the terrifying presence of Venerable White in seclusion.

Thus, he had boldly stormed into Scholar Song’s room, seeking his own death.

But at the level of the Cloud and Mist Daoist, he could faintly sense the terrifying aspect of Venerable White.

"For now, I won’t think about the Wisdom Stone... I’d better just find a place nearby Scholar Song to buy a house and become their neighbor," he thought to himself.

With a flick of his sleeve, the sword pellet slipped out, transforming into a beam of light. The Cloud and Mist Daoist stepped onto the light and flew deeper into Wenzhou City—he was short on funds… if he wanted to buy a house, he would have to figure out a way to gather some money.

As for where to get the money? Members of the Empty Thief Sect never worried about finding funds; they didn’t need to stress about that.

...

Not far behind the Cloud and Mist Daoist, in a shadowy corner, a figure lay limp on the ground, lacking even the strength to rise.

This was a slightly plump middle-aged man, but he was merely a puppet being controlled.

At the back of his head, a thin golden hairpin was concealed beneath his hair, nearly invisible. This was a method of remote control over ordinary humans through magic.

"How terrifying, to be able to sense my presence from such a distance! Luckily, this time I borrowed a mere ordinary human’s body; otherwise, it wouldn’t have just been a mental shock, but a magical attack, or even a flying sword coming to take my head!" the middle-aged man murmured.

Moreover, using an ordinary human’s body as a puppet, that recent mental shock had nearly shattered the mental energy he used to control the slightly plump middle-aged man. It had even caused his true self to suffer some impact.

"With such a powerful figure guarding day and night, it was inevitable that Jing Mo would fail. But... is there still a chance to retrieve the Blood God Drill?" the middle-aged man said with a bitter smile.

He felt as if he had been meticulously plotting everything, believing it was all under his control. The world was merely chess pieces in his hands; even Su Clan’s A-Qi was just someone he had cleverly utilized. 

However, since that ‘Scholar Song’ had barged into his plans like a wrench in the works, everything had been thrown into disarray.

Now… he felt that his hope of regaining the Blood God Drill was truly slim.

"But I won’t give up so easily," the middle-aged man muttered to himself… I am Gongzi Hai! I won’t give up until the final moment! Ah, no! I am the one who never gives up!

He reached out and tore apart a piece of white paper in his hand.

This paper was a ‘Wuji Demon Sect’ bounty notice, similar to a wanted poster, targeting none other than ‘Scholar Song’.

Of course, this bounty notice was fake… a powerful sect like the Wuji Demon Sect would never use a bounty notice to deal with someone like Scholar Song, who hadn’t even reached the first-tier realm yet!