**Sweet Talker!**

Years ago, the Master of Seven Life Symbols learned Chinese characters without the existence of Pinyin. When he taught the locals how to read and write, he simply repeated how he learned back in the day—without a hint of Pinyin in sight. The fact that he didn’t even attempt to teach traditional characters was a stroke of luck for these wild folks.

“But… just thinking about having to teach these wild people Pinyin first makes me feel so annoyed. I’ll give it a try first; if that doesn’t work, I’ll have to wait for my friend, Drunken Moon, to send me a language teacher,” the Master of Seven Life Symbols said.

As he spoke, he seemed to suddenly recall something and added, “Oh! If I can’t find a language teacher, Scholar Song, you can come over to help! You can also bring the Blood God Diamond. This way, we’ll complete our trade, and you’ll help me teach the wild folks Pinyin, okay?”

Scholar Song: “…”

Did I say something wrong? Why did I unknowingly dig my own grave?

All I did was kindly suggest to the Master of Seven Life Symbols that he teach these wild folks Chinese characters using Pinyin!

I can’t let this happen! I need to save myself.

Otherwise, if Drunken Star can’t find a suitable language teacher, the Master of Seven Life Symbols might actually fly over one night, wrap me up in a blanket, and take me to a deserted island to teach these wild folks language!

And as for Venerable White, I can’t expect him to help… He might even find it amusing and join us on that deserted island.

Scholar Song couldn’t shake the feeling that this possibility was too great. Just the thought sent chills down his spine.

Especially when he accidentally glanced at Venerable White and, for a moment, he thought he saw an interested sparkle in his eyes when he mentioned “deserted island” and “wild folks.”

No! I absolutely must save myself!

Desperately, Scholar Song’s mind raced, and suddenly an idea struck him: “Master Seven Life, I have a great trick for learning Pinyin! You should look online for the ‘Chinese Pinyin Alphabet Song’!”

“When you find it, play it for those wild folks repeatedly—play it in the morning, play it at night; play it at mealtime and even during bathroom breaks. If you keep it up for a week or two, they should grasp Pinyin!”

“Not only that, I remember that primitive tribes love to dance! You should find some simple and easy-to-learn dances online and turn this ‘Chinese Alphabet Song’ into a dance. Let them sing and dance every morning—it’ll get them moving and definitely spark their interest!”

Once he finished typing, Scholar Song let out a silent sigh.

I’m sorry, wild brothers… But brainwashing songs aren’t all bad; listening to them might broaden your horizons. With the addition of dance, you could even turn it into a square dance! It’s quite trendy! All the aunties in China are into this!

The Master of Seven Life Symbols’ eyes lit up instantly: “Oh! Oh! Oh! That’s a brilliant idea! Rather than rote memorization, a song is so much easier to remember!”

Seizing the moment, Scholar Song continued, “Once you teach the wild folks Pinyin, learning characters will be a breeze. Also, I feel that when teaching wild people characters, we shouldn’t just rely on harsh punishments. We need to reward good behavior and punish bad behavior distinctly; that way, we can really motivate them to learn!”

Scholar Song felt a bit uneasy about continuously calling them “wild folks,” but he couldn’t think of a better term at the moment.

“Reward and punishment—makes sense! Scholar Song, you truly are a young genius with a sharp mind!” The Master of Seven Life Symbols felt his heart race with excitement, clearly impressed by Scholar Song’s ideas. He then asked, “Could you explain a bit more about how to implement these rewards and punishments?”

“For example, the top few learners in mastering Pinyin and characters could be rewarded with things they like—maybe some nice weapons? Fishing gear? Or modern gadgets like lighters?” Scholar Song suggested, “And for the ones who struggle, we could consider other punishments, like skipping a meal. For the wild folks, hunger might be a more terrifying punishment than a beating. If we keep using the same harsh methods, their effectiveness will only diminish.”

For the wild folks whom he’d never met, all Scholar Song could do was hope his suggestions would lighten their burden a bit.

Hunger is surely more bearable than a beating, right?

“Sounds reasonable; it’s worth a shot.” The Master of Seven Life Symbols nodded in agreement, then added, “I could also give them quizzes—small tests every three days and major tests every five. Those who fail could face hunger, while those who pass could get rewards. I could even have them write essays, and if they fail, I’ll give them a beating. Brilliant!”

Scholar Song’s mouth twitched as he imagined a group of wild folks, dressed in animal skins, hunched over desks, struggling with a “Grade One Final Exam” or an essay prompt like “If I Were a Scallion,” looking miserable as they wrote.

He hadn’t realized that the Master of Seven Life Symbols would also think of “exams” and a test-heavy approach, which, quite unintentionally, seemed to amplify the wild folks’ suffering.

Did I just do something well-meaning that turned out badly?

The Master of Seven Life Symbols exclaimed, “This is fantastic! I’ll try it out with these wild folks right away. I’ll have them listen to the Pinyin Alphabet Song for the next ten days. Scholar Song, I’ll contact you once I have results!” [Waves goodbye emoji]

With that, he eagerly logged off.

After the Master of Seven Life Symbols left, the Hermit of North River chimed in: “[Wipes sweat emoji] Even in a hidden paradise, happiness isn’t guaranteed these days.”

Lychee Fairy added, “And there’s also a big problem… Have you ever received letters from Master Seven Life? His profession is ‘Talisman Master,’ and his writing looks like some kind of cryptic symbols. I had such a hard time deciphering his letters. If he teaches the locals with that same cryptic style… I wonder what kind of psychological trauma the locals would face?”

The Alchemical Sage remarked, “Those native residents have it tough!”

The Dharma King of Creation said, “Awakened Star, please make sure to find a good language teacher for the locals!”

“Awakened Star?… It’s not Awakened Star; it’s Drunken Moon! Last time, I only got one character wrong, and this time, I messed up two!” Drunken Moon added, with an emoticon of kneeling.

“Sorry, Drunken Moon. Actually, I have a suggestion: why not change your title to Drunken Sun? I’m sure everyone will remember that.” The Dharma King of Creation replied meekly.

“Drunken Sun is memorable +1” said the Lychee Fairy.

“Drunken Sun is memorable +2” chimed in the Alchemical Sage—just copy-pasting, but his speed was impressive.

“Drunken Sun is memorable +3” added the Immortal Sage of Yellow Mountain.

A line of older members in the group joined in.

Drunken Moon sighed heavily, wishing he could tie up everyone in the group and toss them into the Pacific Ocean!

……

Scholar Song couldn’t help but twitch his mouth as he closed the interface for the Ninefold Land group.

Then he sighed quietly, “I hope the method I taught Master Seven Life works effectively.”

Beside him, Venerable White chuckled, “Whether it works or not, it doesn’t matter. I’m quite curious to see how Master Seven Life teaches the wild folks to learn characters—I’m also interested in that deserted island.”

Venerable White indeed seemed to have taken an unusual interest!

“Venerable White! I have even more exciting places! In two days… a friend invited me to a resort island in the East Sea, with a luxurious five-day cruise! Would you be interested?” Scholar Song quickly redirected Venerable White’s attention.

Otherwise, he feared Venerable White might whisk him away to the Master of Seven Life Symbols’ place tonight!

Sure enough, upon hearing about the resort island and the luxurious cruise, Venerable White perked up.

“Is there a roller coaster? A ten-loop or more one? A drop tower? A pirate ship? A Ferris wheel? An extreme windmill?” Venerable White rattled off a list of thrilling attractions.

Why does Venerable White only mention things that sound like they’d make someone’s legs go weak?

“Yes, yes! There are all of those!” Scholar Song assured, thumping his chest. They must have them!

“Then let’s go right now!” Venerable White’s eyes narrowed with excitement.

“Venerable White, hold on. We’re leaving in two days… Plus, we need to wait for Dou Dou and the little monk to return first,” Scholar Song replied.

“Dou Dou and the little monk?” Venerable White asked, “Oh, you just mentioned Dou Dou ran away from home again.”

“Yes.” Scholar Song sighed.

“Alright, we’ll wait for two days then.” Venerable White reluctantly agreed.

“Then it’s settled! Venerable White, let’s have breakfast first. Today, while we’re free, I’ll take you to Yuyushan near Wenzhou City. They should be holding a mulberry picking festival soon; we can go in and pick some ourselves—plenty to eat!” Scholar Song explained.

“Sounds good!” Venerable White’s eyes sparkled with excitement.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

As Scholar Song and Venerable White chatted on their way to the kitchen, they wondered if Scholar Song’s mother had prepared breakfast for them.

In the kitchen.

Scholar Song’s mother was busy making dumplings. Hearing footsteps behind her, she turned around.

“Good morning, Mom. We’re having dumplings for breakfast?” Scholar Song asked.

“Yeah, I just wrapped them. I didn’t know when you two would wake up, so they’re not in the pot yet. Song Bai is awake too; it’s rare for you to get up early!” Scholar Song’s mother teased.

Venerable White nodded slightly and replied, “Yes, good morning, young lady. You must be Scholar Song’s mother! I woke up very early today!”

Young lady?

Is she referring to me?! Scholar Song’s mother was initially taken aback, but then she chuckled lightly, “Scholar Song, your friend has only been here one night, and already his sweet talk is off the charts!”

Scholar Song: “…”

Venerable White looked confused: “?”

Did I say something wrong? Venerable White wondered to himself.