**Riding on the Back While Taking a Dump!**

Scholar Song and Venerable White were swaying back home on a small electric scooter…

On the way home, Venerable White still hadn’t activated the acceleration array.

First, he was just having a whim, wanting to experience riding the scooter for a bit. 

Second, the distance wasn’t long; it was only six stops away, so there was really no need to speed.

When they got home, it seemed that Mother Song had gone out for some errands and wasn’t around.

Venerable White and Scholar Song went back to the room.

“I’m going to find Doudou and the little monk, and I’ll try to bring them back by tomorrow,” Venerable White said as he started to organize his phone and took out the Meteor Sword.

Then he turned to Scholar Song and said, “Song, stretch out your hand.”

Scholar Song, puzzled, extended his hand.

Venerable White pointed and used his spiritual energy to carve something onto his wrist—before long, a beautiful 3D gourd pattern appeared on Scholar Song’s wrist.

This pattern looked familiar.

“Is this the Ten Thousand Mile Escape Technique?” Scholar Song asked curiously.

“No, this is a positioning coordinate. With this coordinate, no matter where you are in the world, as long as no one has used special methods to block it, I can lock onto your location. Once I find Doudou and the little monk, I’ll call you to let you know. Then, I’ll use a disposable flying sword to bring them back,” Venerable White explained.

A disposable flying sword to bring them back? What a great idea!

“Awesome!” Scholar Song gave a thumbs up. “By the way, Venerable White, I strongly suggest setting the flying sword’s speed for the little monk to a normal four times speed, and for Doudou, fifty times speed would be perfect! Let them experience a thrilling ride!”

“Sure thing,” Venerable White nodded.

“Right, Venerable, there’s one more thing I’d like your help with,” Scholar Song suddenly remembered something.

He took back the ‘Bashattering Blade’ and handed it to Venerable White. “Venerable, can you carve an array on this Bashattering Blade to make it invisible to ordinary people?”

If they were going to the East Sea vacation island, it would be much easier to bring the Bashattering Blade if it was hidden.

“That’s easy,” Venerable White said.

He pointed again and carved an array formation and a gathering spirit formation onto the Bashattering Blade, as well as a counter-detection formation.

Now, except for Venerable White and Scholar Song, ordinary people wouldn’t be able to see the ‘Bashattering Blade’. Of course, this array was just a simple one drawn by Venerable White, so any cultivator would still be able to see it.

“Alright, I’m off to find Doudou. I’ll contact you later,” Venerable White said.

It would be best if he could find Doudou by tomorrow… But if it was late when he found them, it wouldn’t matter since Venerable White had set the coordinate on Scholar Song.

When Scholar Song reached the destination, he could just send a flying sword according to the coordinate and arrive next to Scholar Song.

…

…

During dinner.

Mother Song curiously asked Scholar Song, “Hey, Scholar, has that sweet-talking friend of yours left too?”

“Ah, he’s gone to pick up a bear child from a friend’s house and might take a few days to come back,” Scholar Song replied.

“Oh dear, it was so lively before with so many guests, but now they’re all leaving one by one,” Mother Song lamented. She was someone who enjoyed a bustling atmosphere.

If it weren’t for the late implementation of the two-child policy, she and Father Song would have wanted another child.

In recent years, Mother Song had often complained about the two-child policy, wishing it had been opened ten years earlier; who knows, maybe she could have given Scholar Song a cute little sister.

“Hey, don’t worry! In a few days, when Song Bai brings that friend’s kid over, it’ll be lively again,” Scholar Song said, finishing his soup with a smile. “By the way, Mom, a friend of my dorm mate Gao is inviting us to a vacation island in the East Sea. I’ll be setting off in a couple of days. We’ll be there for about ten days.”

Mother Song’s eyes lit up: “Are you going with that girl named Fay Yu?”

“Hahaha, Fay Yu has other commitments. But she said if the timing works out, she’ll join us.”

Father Song slowly swallowed his food and asked, “Do you have enough money for this?”

“Yep, I earned some from helping my seniors while in school,” Scholar Song said with a grin, even if the way he earned it was a bit unconventional.

Father Song nodded silently.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

In the Middle Land, up in the sky, a gigantic Pekingese… was lying on top of a commercial flight heading to the capital.

Wrapped in the fur of the enormous Pekingese was a small monk curled up in a ball.

It was Doudou and the little monk Guoguo, both of whom were hitching a ride on the plane—why were they hitching a ride? Because they were out of money. The last bit of cash that little monk earned from selling himself had been spent on a domestic big-screen phone…

“Senior Doudou, is it really okay for us to escape to the capital?” little monk Guoguo asked nervously.

Just thinking about the two sweat-smiley emojis and the knife emoji sent by Master Tongxuan in the Ninefold Land group made him panic.

The master was so angry that he sent a knife emoji! Did that mean Master Tongxuan wanted to chop him up? Even if he didn’t, he was probably going to give him a good beating.

Doudou puffed up proudly. “Don’t worry, don’t panic. Based on my experience of running away from home for many years, when you first run away, your family gets angry. Just like how Scholar Song is right now, he’s probably yelling that he’ll beat you until you poop! But, there’s a saying: human nature is inherently petty!”

He began to impart his ‘Running Away from Home Sutra’ to little monk Guoguo: “When you’ve been gone for a long time and they still can’t find you, they’ll start to panic! At that point, their anger will be filled with ‘worry.’ And after they finally find you, they’ll treat you like a treasure and spoil you.”

“Is it really like that?” little monk Guoguo asked, his serious face turning hopeful.

“Rest assured, I can guarantee it. Every time I run away from home, Huangshan Dasha gets furious at first, but after ten days or half a month without finding me, he stops being mad and just worries about where I’ve gone. When they finally find me, I become the lord of the house, and they’ll spoil me with all the good food and drink!” Doudou said with pride.

—The only downside to this trick is that it can’t be overused. After too many times, Huangshan Dasha has grown indifferent to Doudou’s escapades, and now he doesn’t worry about him at all. Damn it, I want to bite him!

Little monk Guoguo felt much more at ease after being brainwashed by Doudou.

“Will Scholar Song come to find us?” little monk asked.

“Of course! With his good-natured personality, he’s probably searching everywhere for us right now,” Doudou assured confidently.

Little monk nodded secretly—feeling warm inside, he seemed to understand why Doudou liked ‘running away from home.’

“Ah-choo! Ah-choo! Huh? Strange, why do I suddenly feel an ominous premonition?” Doudou sneezed several times while lying on top of the airplane, rubbing his nose with his paw. Just a moment ago, when they mentioned that ‘Scholar Song was probably searching everywhere for us,’ he felt an inexplicable sense of alertness, a super-sensitive instinct that dogs possess!

Could it be that Scholar Song, this good-natured person, was really mad? They say that when a good person gets angry, it’s truly terrifying.

Just as Doudou was pondering this, suddenly, the airplane beneath them started to shake violently up and down.

Passengers screamed, and chaos ensued.

The plane had unexpectedly hit a strong air current during the flight…

“Sudden strong air currents? Woof~ we’re not going to have an air disaster, right?” Doudou grumbled—he was just hitching a ride here!

Forget it… if something really happens, I’ll do my best to save some passengers. With Doudou’s strength, he couldn’t resolve the strong air currents affecting the plane; he could only save a few people at most.

…

…

Fortunately, the strong air current only lasted a short while.

After things calmed down, the flight attendants began comforting the frightened passengers.

The passengers looked like they had just escaped from death, some even crying tears of joy.

“Safe and sound, guess I won’t need to step in,” Doudou panted, lying back down.

At that moment, however, the little monk on his back wore a solemn face, looking very distressed.

“Guoguo?” Doudou asked in confusion.

At the same time, Doudou’s sensitive nose caught a whiff of something unpleasant…

“Senior Doudou… I accidentally soiled my pants!” the little monk said weakly.

—Perhaps it was because he had been treating his hemorrhoids for the past few days, and every time he had to insert a treatment device into his little behind? Or maybe it was because he was still getting used to the healing? In any case, he felt like his little flower was a bit loose these past two days.

This morning, he had been in a rush to escape and hadn’t had the chance to take care of business. Throughout the journey, he felt the urge to go. Added to the sudden shaking of the plane, he accidentally soiled himself.

Doudou: “…”

Soiling his pants is one thing; after all, the little monk was only six years old, and it was understandable for him to have accidents occasionally given his age.

But the problem was—he was currently lying on Doudou’s back, wrapped up in his fur for warmth!

It was as if he was taking a dump on Doudou’s back!

“Senior Doudou… I didn’t mean to,” the little monk said, his serious face twisting in embarrassment.

“Let’s not talk about it.” Doudou sighed heavily. “We need to find a place to deal with your pants.”

What else could he do? The little monk was still young; did he really need to scold him?

But if he scolded him, wouldn’t the little monk just end up crying? And then they’d still have to deal with the mess in his pants?

After another heavy sigh, Doudou grabbed the little monk with his paw and leaped off the plane.

Why had this dignified demon dog fallen to the point of having to change a bear child’s pants?

Doudou began to wonder if he had made a mistake in listening to the little monk’s request to play the ‘running away from home’ game.