**Demon Hunter**

In a clear mountain stream, a little monk looked serious, his bare bottom exposed as he vigorously scrubbed his pants in the water. This clearly wasn’t his first time washing his clothes; he was quite skilled at it.

At the same time, Dou Dou floated upstream, letting the water wash through his fur. Even after soaking for a while, he still felt a lingering odor, was it just a psychological illusion?

About three minutes later...

“Elder Dou Dou, I’m done!” the little monk patted over, presenting his freshly cleaned pants.

“Alright, I’m almost done too.” Dou Dou climbed out of the stream.

Then, he shook his body vigorously, splattering water droplets everywhere. Following that, he unleashed his demonic energy, quickly drying off his fur.

The little monk watched in envy, “Elder Dou Dou, can you help me dry my pants too?”

Dou Dou was momentarily speechless. He felt that maybe this little monk could be his nemesis after all.

But, he still extended a paw and placed it on the little monk’s pants, channeling his demonic energy to evaporate the moisture.

“That’s amazing, Elder Dou Dou!” The little monk put on his pants, happily wiggling his backside, spinning around in place, then striking a pose like a star making an entrance: “Oh yeah!”

Dou Dou felt a wave of exasperation wash over him.

“Where are we heading next, Elder Dou Dou?” The little monk bounced over to Dou Dou’s side, exuding curiosity and joy. This was the state of a child who had been cooped up at home for too long, finally released into the world.

“Let’s head towards the capital. I have a cat demon friend there I want to visit,” Dou Dou replied. The cat demon he was referring to was the one he had intended to introduce to Scholar Song.

After all, he couldn’t let his canine clan sister down; he could only mess with the cat demon instead.

...

Just as Dou Dou mentioned “cat demon,” a low call suddenly drifted into his ears: “Meow~”

When he turned around, he saw a small tabby cat glaring intensely at him, its claws bared.

Was this a wild cat in the mountains?

Cats and dogs were natural enemies.

At that moment, Dou Dou was in his usual small Pekingese form. The wild cat, seeing Dou Dou, puffed up its fur, especially the hair on its tail which fluffed up like a broom.

At the same time, the wild cat bared its sharp teeth and extended its claws, seemingly trying to intimidate Dou Dou.

“Heh, you dare to puff up at me?” Dou Dou stuck out his tongue and bolted toward the little wild cat.

The wild cat continued its threatening calls, but when it saw Dou Dou charging at it, it panicked and tried to retreat.

But its speed was no match for Dou Dou’s.

In a flash, Dou Dou pounced, pinning the little wild cat beneath him.

“Meow!” The wild cat let out a pained yowl.

“Woof woof! That’ll teach you to be so arrogant, trying to puff up at me!” Dou Dou relentlessly rubbed his head against the little wild cat.

“Meow~ Meow~” The wild cat struggled fiercely, its paws wildly slapping at Dou Dou’s body.

However, even the various attacks from the true illusion of the white venerable’s green-clad young man couldn’t harm a single hair on Dou Dou, let alone the wild cat’s fragile paws.

The more the wild cat flailed, the more Dou Dou enjoyed himself.

“Meow~ Meow~” The wild cat cried out repeatedly, its once boisterous calls growing weaker until it could only emit a feeble, whimpering sound.

“Woof woof! That’s what you get for being so arrogant and puffing up at me!” Dou Dou said gleefully. This familiar scene took him back to the first time he met the cat demon, Chu Chu.

Back then, when Chu Chu had just gained her powers, she had also puffed up at Dou Dou just like this.

Then, he had pounced on her, rubbing his head against her for what felt like an eternity.

Throughout that time, the cat demon had struggled and resisted just like this little tabby, but ultimately, she was no match for Dou Dou and was pinned down firmly.

Eventually, Chu Chu had lost all her fight.

Now, she would avoid Dou Dou like the plague when he approached.

But tragically, the saying “give an inch and they’ll take a mile” clearly didn’t apply to Dou Dou.

The more Chu Chu tried to keep her distance, the more Dou Dou sought her out, rubbing against her.

Just like now, even after running away from home, he was still thinking about the cat demon, eager to visit her in the capital.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

Just as Dou Dou was having a grand time rubbing against the tabby cat, a hurried sound of footsteps echoed from a distance.

“Tabby, tabby, where have you run off to?” Along with the footsteps came a cute, childish voice.

Before long, the source of the voice approached.

It was a girl around fifteen or sixteen, dressed in an apricot-yellow robe. On her shoulders hung ten long talisman papers, densely covered in intricate incantations.

Moreover, her bare arms were also decorated with a variety of tattoo-like runes.

Upon seeing the girl’s attire, Dou Dou immediately recognized her identity: “A demon hunter?”

Demon hunters were a branch of cultivators, distinct from others who focused on cultivating and seeking immortality.

Compared to seeking longevity, demon hunters preferred to subdue demons and vanquish evil.

Moreover... demon hunters were known for their stubbornness; they believed that any demon, regardless of whether they were good or bad, should be captured. Evil demons must be exterminated, while benign demons should be sealed away.

In short, there shouldn’t be any demons in this world...

There was a time when demon hunters and demons were in fierce conflict, to the point where both sides lost their minds. However, at some unknown point, the demon hunting faction suddenly vanished from the scene, rarely showing themselves in public.

What had transpired remained a topic of speculation and suspicion within the cultivation community. But aside from the demon hunters themselves, no one knew the truth.

[Did I step in something before leaving today? Washing off the filth would lead me to run into a long-lost demon hunter? What a terrible day!] Dou Dou felt frustrated.

“Demon!” The girl’s eyes lit up upon spotting Dou Dou.

Before Dou Dou could say anything, the girl tore off a piece of talisman paper from her shoulders.

“Evil spirit, meet your doom!” She flung the two pieces of talisman paper, which transformed into golden flames and shot towards Dou Dou.

Dou Dou: “…”

As expected of a demon hunter—after all these years, her head was still stuck in the clouds, as stubborn as a rock. Upon seeing a demon, she charged in like she was on drugs, even without bothering to assess the gap between their cultivation levels.

There was one unwavering principle in a demon hunter’s mind—see a demon, don’t hesitate, just attack!

Boom! Boom!

The two golden flames collided with Dou Dou, exploding upon impact. However, their power couldn’t even ruffle a single hair on Dou Dou’s body.

Meanwhile, the little monk finally reacted, rushing in front of Dou Dou with a serious expression, and angrily confronted the girl, “How could you suddenly attack Elder Dou Dou?”

“It’s a demon! Move aside, I must destroy it!” the girl’s childlike voice demanded.

“Miss, that’s too much!” the little monk argued fervently. “Even if Elder Dou Dou is a demon, he’s a good one! Besides, what’s wrong with being a demon? They’re living beings too! How can you just decide to kill it without distinguishing right from wrong?”

Dou Dou: “…”

Why did the little monk sound like I was about to be killed?

“Little monk, get out of the way! I’m so fed up with your Buddhist ideals of all beings being equal! Move aside, or when the fighting starts, it’ll be dangerous for you!” The girl said, tearing off two more pieces of talisman paper from her robe.

Dou Dou: “…”

Wow, if I don’t show my true form, do you really think I’m just a lowly bug?

With that thought, Dou Dou stepped forward and instantly transformed into a towering five-meter tall canine.

“Roar!” His bark echoed through the forest, shaking leaves from the trees.

The effect was impressive; the demon hunter girl gulped nervously upon seeing Dou Dou’s massive size, her confidence plummeting.

Dou Dou smirked.

Just as he prepared to pounce and demonstrate his cat-rubbing technique to subdue the demon hunter girl, another sound of footsteps approached from the distance.

Moreover, Dou Dou sensed the familiar aura of Zhou Li.

“What the heck, why has Zhou Li found me so quickly this time?” Dou Dou thought—usually, it took Zhou Li at least a week to track him down. Had he acquired some new tracking technique?

No, he couldn’t let Zhou Li catch him; he still wanted to visit cat demon Chu Chu in the capital.

“Guo Guo, we need to retreat. The person searching for us is closing in, but we can’t be captured yet,” Dou Dou said.

The little monk nodded, quickly climbing onto Dou Dou’s back.

“Hang on tight!” Dou Dou urged, leaping into the air, creating a gust of wind as he prepared to escape.

“You think you can run?” The demon hunter girl screamed, throwing out a golden chain...

The chain shot up and wrapped around the little monk’s neck.

Little monk Guo Guo: “?”

At that moment, Dou Dou soared into the sky with the little monk.

The demon hunter girl held onto the other end of the chain tightly, exclaiming, “Demon, you can’t escape! I’ve caught you!”

“Let go, miss... please release the little monk... oh no...” The little monk struggled, desperately grasping the chain around his neck, feeling as if he couldn’t breathe. He was on the verge of death, pleading for her to loosen her grip!

...

...

“Dou Dou!” Below, Zhou Li’s voice boomed with a mix of resentment and anger.

“You won’t escape, Dou Dou!” Zhou Li stretched out his hand and flung out a long chain!

The chain accurately wrapped around the demon hunter girl’s left leg, binding her tightly.

Then, Zhou Li, holding onto the chain’s other end, was also pulled upward into the sky.

Little monk: “I’m going to die... I’m going to die... oh no~~ I can never run away from home again!”