**A Heart to Guard Against Others**

On the road.

Zhao Yaya suddenly asked, "Scholar Song, those two boys from earlier, you probably haven’t met them before when I dropped you off at the university town last semester, right? How did they know about me?"

Song Shuhang blinked his eyes and laughed, "Haha, I think they must have heard about you from those guys, Tuba and the others, and somehow got hold of your photo."

"That’s a lie, too fake," Zhao Yaya huffed. "From their expressions and conversation just now, it’s obvious they’ve seen your 'sister' not long ago. And when you introduced me, the other guy looked so surprised, like he was seeing me for the first time. So... spill it. Is that 'sister' they mentioned your girlfriend? Is she older than you, and you’re too shy to introduce us?"

Ah, Zhao Yaya remains as stern as ever, always like a detective, mercilessly exposing Song Shuhang’s lies.

"That's not true, she really isn’t my girlfriend. You have to believe me, Sister!" Song Shuhang quickly replied earnestly.

"Alright, that may be the truth. But... you did have a 'sister' who left the boys' dorm with you not long ago?" Zhao Yaya squinted her eyes, "What do you think about developing a more-than-friends relationship? Sibling romances are quite trendy lately, and if you get married, someone a bit older will know how to take care of you. I’m sure Aunt and Uncle won’t oppose."

Damn, he was easily led into her trap. Song Shuhang felt a bit frustrated—why did she have to bring marriage into the conversation? Can’t there just be a pure, innocent college relationship between boys and girls without dragging in such heavy topics?

“I’m not teasing you anymore, but if you really do get a girlfriend, you must tell me the good news!” Zhao Yaya slapped Song Shuhang on the back, then quickly hailed a taxi, smiling as she left.

Song Shuhang waved goodbye, secretly relieved.

He couldn’t lie in front of Zhao Yaya because she knew him too well, and it was easy for her to see through his lies.

Thankfully, she didn’t catch onto anything related to his 'cultivation' matters... which made sense, since to ordinary people, 'cultivation' was merely a beautiful fantasy. Normally, no one would connect reality with cultivation.

In short, before he decided to confess the 'cultivator' secret to her, he must keep this secret safe and not let her guess anything. Otherwise, it could bring disaster to himself and his family.

Song Shuhang thought to himself.

The Hermit of North River had just warned him—he couldn’t risk the lives of his loved ones.

At that moment, he remembered the people who were investigating him from the shadows.

While it’s good to trust no one, it’s also wise to keep your guard up!

...

...

At six o'clock.

In Yang De's rented apartment.

When Song Shuhang arrived, Lin Tuba and a certain Gao were already drunk. The two were hugging each other, with Gao occasionally bursting into tears, looking quite heartbroken.

Lin Tuba was patting him on the back, loudly reassuring him about something.

Though they were speaking Chinese, Song Shuhang couldn’t understand a single word. Who knew how these two drunks were communicating?

Li Yang De gave a wry smile and asked as he opened the door for Song Shuhang, “Shuhang, do you know what happened to Gao? He came in here like he was about to die, dragging Tuba to drink. After a while, he started howling about being 'tainted,' 'unclean,' and 'not living anymore.' Honestly... a grown man shouting about being 'tainted' is a bit creepy.”

“I actually know what’s up!” Song Shuhang grinned.

He then detailed what he had witnessed in the dorm earlier, of course omitting Zhuge Yue’s mention of someone following him. Song Shuhang didn’t want his roommates dragged into some inexplicable danger.

Li Yang De wore a bemused expression as he listened.

“Speaking of Zhuge Yue? I remember her. She’s a key player in the school’s news department, right? And she should be a girl?” Li Yang De pondered, stroking his chin. He had once had some 'needs' and hacked into the school’s news department to gather some information, so he was familiar with several key members.

“But when I asked Gao if she was male, he turned pale and sadly shook his head. Then I asked if she was a girl? His face looked even worse, but he still shook his head in sorrow. I then asked if she was a transgender or something, and he cried that it wasn’t the case, saying I wouldn’t understand.” Song Shuhang explained.

“Then there’s only one possibility... she’s a transgender?” Li Yang De guessed.

“Now that you mention it, that does seem to be the only possibility left?” Song Shuhang nodded.

They exchanged a sympathetic glance towards Gao.

Yang De suggested, “Let’s just let Gao drink it off tonight.”

Song Shuhang agreed, “Sounds good to me.”

Originally, they had planned to eat out that night, but with Gao in such a state, it would be embarrassing to take him out. So Li Yang De wisely ordered takeout along with drinks.

Tuba and Gao were busy drinking and barely touched the food. By now, they were nearly passed out.

Song Shuhang and Li Yang De sat down and happily enjoyed a sumptuous dinner.

“By the way, Yang De, our school is having a sports meet? Why didn’t I know about this?” Song Shuhang asked.

“You wouldn’t know... because our class was notified about it at noon today when you were being dragged away by that strange companion of yours,” Li Yang De said, revealing a mysterious smile. “Oh, and Shuhang, while you weren’t in class this afternoon, that girl named Lu Fei came specifically to ask about you.”

“Huh?” Song Shuhang was taken aback, unsure how to respond.

That Lu Fei girl? He had only sat near her for a few classes, and they hadn’t spoken a word. How was he supposed to answer that?

“Hey.” Li Yang De chuckled, continuing, “Also... there’s something amusing about the sports meet registration. There’s a grueling five-thousand-meter race that’s practically exhausting. No one from our class volunteered to participate, so in the end, everyone pushed it off onto the only person who wasn’t in class that day. Hint: that person’s surname is Song.”

“Can I curse?” Song Shuhang felt the veins on his forehead bulging. This was ridiculous—five thousand meters? He might just die from that!

What bad luck!

Uh, wait a minute. His brain hadn’t quite caught up. If it had been two days ago, he might have really died from running, but now... five thousand meters might not be a big deal after all?

“Forget cursing; even if you exploded, it wouldn’t help. The list for the sports meet has already been submitted. On June 7th, you’ll have to run that five thousand meters whether you like it or not. Trust me, someone will carry you if you refuse to go. Go for it, and if you win, you’ll get extra credits!” Li Yang De teased.

“Fine, just five thousand meters. I’ll definitely get that extra credit,” Song Shuhang declared confidently.

“Now that’s the spirit! Cheers!” Li Yang De raised his cup.

“Cheers!” Suddenly, the drunken Lin Tuba grinned and raised his cup. His eyes looked clear as if he wasn’t drunk at all.

What the heck? This guy was just pretending to be drunk to comfort Gao?

Poor Gao was now slumped over, and who knew how many secrets he had revealed while being drunkenly coaxed by that rascal Tuba?

Song Shuhang raised his cup and grinned, “Cheers.”

For Zhao Yaya and these three good-for-nothings, he had to stay alert.