# The Stinky Pill

After finishing with the troublemakers, Scholar Song felt a wave of relaxation wash over him. Humming a tune, he made his way to Li Yangde's dormitory.

“Exercise more? What kind of joke is that? You want to come and get beaten up after exercising?”

“You bastard, demon! That guy definitely did it on purpose, he totally ambushed me!” the mohawk-headed troublemaker cried, tears streaming down his face. Just two minutes ago, he thought the other party was an idiot, but it turned out the real fool was him and his friends.

The other side was clearly looking for trouble to bully them!

“Ah Sen, let’s remember this grudge. Next time, we’ll find a few more brothers to take him down. If five of us can’t beat him, then we’ll bring ten; if ten can’t do it, then we’ll bring twenty, fifty! I refuse to believe he’s Superman, able to take on a hundred by himself!” the blonde troublemaker said vehemently.

“Yeah, we definitely have to make him pay,” the mohawk-head gritted his teeth.

Their decision was music to Scholar Song’s ears.

As the troublemakers were talking, a short-haired girl yawningly approached them from a distance.

She was a stunning girl; even without makeup, her beauty was undeniable. Plus, she was a rare gem with three attributes: cold, charming, and aloof. She looked absolutely amazing.

On a normal day, the mohawk-headed troublemakers would have surrounded her, performing their classic wall-slam and teasing routine before dragging her to a nearby motel for some embarrassing escapades.

But today, they were face down on the ground, unable to do anything.

As the short-haired girl approached, her pitch-black eyes fixed on the downed troublemakers. After a moment, she mumbled, “Can you believe someone is stealing kills?”

What? Stealing kills? What does that mean? This girl isn’t playing a game, is she?

The mohawk-headed troublemaker looked confused, and then he felt a sharp pain in his back.

The short-haired girl had actually stepped over them, treating them like trash, yawning as she gradually walked away.

“Damn it, you… you… filthy… animals, may you die a miserable death!” the mohawk-headed troublemaker felt a jolt of pain in his back, cursing under his breath. He wasn’t a masochist; being stepped on definitely didn’t excite him.

However, the blonde troublemaker next to him looked on in envy. “I’m so jealous! If only I were the one getting stepped on!”

Masochism was right next to him.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

Scholar Song stopped by to buy three baskets of soup dumplings and three servings of soy milk before heading to Li Yangde's rental apartment. He knocked firmly on the door.

After a while, Tu Bo, bloodshot eyes and reeking of alcohol, struggled to open the door.

“Oh, it’s Scholar Song.” He glared at Scholar Song, his eyes scanning him from head to toe—damn it, this kid looked so fresh and clean, not at all like someone who had been drinking.

When did this kid’s alcohol tolerance get so high? He remembered Scholar Song used to drink only to a level comparable to Gao Moshang; he could drink down four Gao Moshangs and still have three Scholar Songs left standing.

But last night, Scholar Song had managed to down himself, Li Yangde, and a tipsy Gao Moshang. What the hell?

Could it be that this kid wasn’t drinking last night but just sipping water?

“Looks like you just woke up? You all skipped the first two classes this morning,” Scholar Song smiled, holding out the soup dumplings and soy milk. “I brought you some breakfast. Want some?”

Tu Bo snatched the breakfast from Scholar Song’s hands, teasing, “Look at you, still have a bit of conscience.”

Li Yangde came out from inside, scratching his head. “I smell something delicious! You came at the perfect time; I’m starving!”

“Where’s Gao Moshang?” Scholar Song asked.

“He’s still lying there like a dead man. This guy is so annoying, he talked in his sleep all night. Something about ‘virtue’ and ‘Yayi, I’m so sorry,’ and then there’s ‘no, don’t, no’—that kind of stuff,” Li Yangde laughed.

Scholar Song rubbed his chin. “Seems like we’ve found some good dirt. If we ever run short on cash, we can use this to force Gao Moshang to treat us to a meal.”

“Yeah, sounds good. We can probably use it two or three times, but too much might cause him to break,” Tu Bo agreed.

“I propose we check out this place in the south district of the university town called ‘Ten Fragrant Fish Heads.’ The taste is absolutely mouthwatering just thinking about it,” Li Yangde nodded.

“You three… do you want to die a thousand times?” Gao Moshang emerged with a dark expression, vigorously massaging his temples. He felt that his biggest misfortune in life was sharing a dorm with these three miscreants.

Just a bunch of troublemakers.

After resting a while in Li Yangde’s apartment, Scholar Song approached him and asked, “Yangde, can you help me check where I can buy these few medicinal herbs in the Jiangnan area?”

Scholar Song took out the paper the Alchemical Sage had given him, which listed four very rare medicinal herbs.

“Are you sick or something?” Yangde asked after taking the paper.

“I’m perfectly fine. It’s for a ‘friend’ of mine who needs these herbs. He isn’t sure where to find them in Jiangnan, so he asked me to help him look into it. I thought of you since you’re the best with computers in the dorm,” Scholar Song flattered him.

“Finding them is easy. Almost all the traditional Chinese medicine shops in the country have joined a central system. I just need to input the herbs, and I can filter to see which shop has them. Plus, I can post some threads and leave messages in relevant forums and groups. Those shops that haven’t joined the system should still pop up if they have any. We’ll have news by tomorrow at the latest,” Li Yangde assured.

“Thanks a lot!” Scholar Song said, offering a generous bribe. “If you find out, I’ll treat you to Ten Fragrant Fish Heads after the sports meet, no need for Gao Moshang’s lousy treat!”

“Deal!” Li Yangde licked his lips, already salivating.

“Deal,” Scholar Song replied with a smile.

After turning away, he secretly clenched his fist.

With Li Yangde’s help, he could find out where in Jiangnan these four medicinal herbs were sold. This would narrow down the possibilities to the maximum. If the ‘puppet master’ had indeed bought these herbs, Scholar Song could follow the trail to find him.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

At ten o’clock.

Scholar Song left Li Yangde's rental apartment and headed towards the Alchemical Sage's place.

His roommates planned to rest a bit longer after their meal, slowly shaking off the effects of the alcohol.

Seeing that it was still early, Scholar Song decided to help at the Alchemical Sage's place.

The Alchemical Sage had given him a lot of assistance, and the least he could do in return was to cooperate with him in refining the formula for the ‘simplified body refining liquid.’

To make it easier for Scholar Song to refine medicine, the Alchemical Sage had gone out to buy an induction cooker and a hot pot of the same brand and style as his dorm’s.

The steps and formula for refining the body refining liquid hadn’t changed, but today, the Alchemical Sage asked Scholar Song to replace the ‘water’ with the ‘medicinal broth’ he had prepared.

This broth was made from five very common medicinal herbs.

This was the Alchemical Sage’s first step in moving Scholar Song’s refining method from an ‘induction cooker and hot pot’ setup to a proper alchemy furnace.

Scholar Song’s method was good, but it wouldn’t do to have every pharmacist in the cultivation world learning to refine body refining liquid using hot pots and induction cookers, right?

Just imagine every pharmacist in the cultivation world with a hot pot and induction cooker—just thinking about that scene made him feel pain in his heart.

So, improvements were necessary!

Moreover, based on the calculations of the medicinal quantities, this ‘broth’ could reduce the refining time for the body refining liquid.

Three hours later, at 1:07 PM.

As the Alchemical Sage had predicted, the refining time was indeed significantly shortened.

“Success!” Scholar Song took a deep breath, then pinched his nose. The next moment, the hot pot lid was blown off by the surge of medicinal liquid, and a thick cloud of black mist and foul odor spread through the room.

“Haha, no need to pinch your nose, watch how I handle this,” the Alchemical Sage laughed heartily. He tossed out a pearl-like object, forming hand seals: “Absorb!”

Instantly, a suction force erupted from the pearl, drawing in all the black mist from the room and sealing it within.

Scholar Song watched with wide eyes, wishing he could also use spells right away.

“Here you go.” The Alchemical Sage tossed the pearl-like object to Scholar Song. “Just make sure it doesn’t hit the ground. If you smash it hard, it will burst open and release all the foul odor and thick mist.”

Scholar Song hurriedly fumbled to catch the pearl. “Senior, do you have to be so cruel?”

After catching it, Scholar Song noticed that the pearl seemed to be the shell of a medicinal fruit.

“This is the shell of a core pearl fruit, just a useless item that’s usually thrown away. Today, I had a brainstorm, and this is just perfect for containing the stench and smoke from your refined body refining liquid,” the Alchemical Sage said proudly. “Also, I mentioned before that the stench produced from your body refining liquid is a nightmare for first-grade cultivators with opened nasal passages and second-grade real masters who can’t control their sense of smell. If one day, you encounter a second-grade true master-level enemy, this thing could catch them off guard and, if used well, might even decide the outcome of a battle.”

This was just what he needed!