**Awakening**

Scholar Song turned his head and noticed Jiang Ziyan sitting not far away on the railing. A charming smirk danced on her lips, giving her an alluringly mischievous look. She held a small bag of fried chicken pieces in her hands, her fingers delicately plucking one from the bag and bringing it to her mouth.

From the tone of her voice, it seemed she had been watching him perform his wall-scaling exercise for quite some time now.

Moreover, she looked a bit different from the first time they met.

Jiang Ziyan's originally shoulder-length hair now curled upwards, making it appear even shorter. Her bangs were let down, partially obscuring her eyes.

Bathed in the glow of the setting sun, Scholar Song discovered that her hair wasn’t black after all, but a dark purple—a color both enchanting and otherworldly. The same faint purple glimmer flickered in her eyes, enhancing her already captivating aura and making her seem even more ‘bad.’

“Good afternoon, Miss Ziyan,” Scholar Song said, his voice lacking energy.

“Just call me Ziyan. The term 'Miss' makes me feel like I’m trying too hard to be young,” she replied, gracefully leaping down from the railing and striding towards him with a cat-like elegance. “Besides the ‘Fundamentals of the Diamond Fist,’ regular human exercise methods can also enhance the physical fitness of foundation-building cultivators. Running, various ball sports, and mechanical workouts can all improve body quality to some extent. Hehe, of course, cultivators need several times the exercise intensity of ordinary humans to achieve these benefits.”

Scholar Song thumped the back of his head against the wall in frustration. “How could I have overlooked this?”

There were countless ways to enhance physical fitness available online. Yet, he had fixated solely on the ‘Fundamentals of the Diamond Fist,’ completely ignoring the common exercises that ordinary people could do.

This was the essence of ‘the darkness under the lamp.’

Jiang Ziyan smiled knowingly. “An outsider sees clearly, while the insider is confused. It’s just that simple.”

“I’ve decided! From now on, I’ll wake up early every day and run a lap around Jiangnan University City,” Scholar Song declared, clenching his fist. He would also look for a gym nearby; who knows, it might come in handy later.

He then asked curiously, “By the way, did you need something from me, Ziyan?”

“Well, this morning I was bored, so I followed the trail of that special toxin from the teacher. I ended up tracking it to a hotel in the Jiangnan area where the poisoned person had stayed last. Hehe,” Ziyan said, her eyes crescent-shaped with delight. As a disciple of the Alchemical Sage, she had many ways to trace the remnants of unique toxins.

Scholar Song's eyes lit up. “Did you find the person who broke into my room yesterday?”

“I did! Hehe. But unfortunately, that guy is dead—dead as a doornail. His body has been reduced to a puddle of goo, leaving no other clues behind. Plus, the identity used to book that hotel room was fake, so once again, the trail goes cold. Hehe. But this does confirm your suspicion that he had accomplices,” Jiang Ziyan tossed the empty bag of chicken and sensually licked her fingers.

With her flirtatious, alluring demeanor, it was a sight that would excite most men.

Scholar Song was no exception, feeling a rush at her enticing movements. However, after a moment’s thought, he felt the need to remind Jiang Ziyan, “Ziyan, while you may really enjoy eating fried chicken, there are a lot of bacteria on human fingers. Licking them is quite unhygienic.”

Jiang Ziyan’s seductive motions froze for a moment.

“Hah! You really have no sense of romance at all! I can guarantee that you’re destined to be alone forever,” she teased, though she didn’t seem angry. Instead, she squatted next to Scholar Song, wiping her greasy fingers on his shirt with a mischievous grin.

Scholar Song wanted to evade her, but Jiang Ziyan’s strength far exceeded his, and the grease from her fingers ended up smeared all over his clothes.

“Even if we’re familiar with each other, Ziyan, cursing me like this will still make me mad,” Scholar Song said, “I’ve made up my mind to find a girlfriend during my four years at university.”

“Anyone willing to be your girlfriend would surely be a weirdo. But enough about that! I have some good news for you; do you want to hear it?” Jiang Ziyan asked, her gaze dropping as she cleaned her fingers.

“Of course!” Scholar Song nodded eagerly.

“Then let’s make a deal first,” Jiang Ziyan stood up, looking down at him from her elevated position.

“What kind of deal?” Scholar Song asked, puzzled.

Besides the Phantom Spirit, he honestly couldn’t think of anything he possessed that would attract Jiang Ziyan’s interest. But she didn’t need the Phantom Spirit anyway.

“I came all the way to Jiangnan just to have some private time with the Alchemical Sage. So, for the next few days, besides assisting the Alchemical Sage in refining the medicine, please don’t disturb me or the Alchemical Sage. Is that alright?” Jiang Ziyan’s smile remained, but there was a hint of seriousness in her eyes.

Scholar Song felt a chill run down his spine.

“Absolutely! No problem at all!” he replied quickly, sensing that if he didn’t agree, he might end up in the hospital with Professor Ren Shui tomorrow. The poor Professor Ren hadn’t even entered the fray yet...

“Good boy.” Jiang Ziyan ruffled Scholar Song's hair. “Now, let me share the news with you— the assassin’s accomplices or their mastermind unknowingly came into contact with the poisoned infiltrator from your room. Unfortunately, because the Alchemical Sage’s toxin is quite domineering, it melds with the blood, turning the poisoned individual into a ‘source of poison.’ Thus, anyone who has come into contact with the poisoned person is also at risk of being poisoned.”

“Now it all depends on how much poison they have in their system. If it’s a large amount, you might just see their corpse in the news in a few days. If it’s a smaller dose, they’ll have to seclude themselves for at least half a year to focus on expelling the toxin,” she explained.

“Oh, and there’s one last possibility. If the individual possesses the strength of a Fifth-Grade Spirit Monarch, that would be a different story altogether. But that possibility is almost zero. If they were really a Fifth-Grade Spirit Monarch, you’d already be dead,” Jiang Ziyan giggled.

If the opponent were indeed a Fifth-Grade Spirit Monarch or higher, then not only Scholar Song, but even Fay Yu, who had gone with him to capture the Phantom Spirit a few days ago, would not have left J City alive.

Based on her estimation of the residual aura left in the hotel, Jiang Ziyan gauged that the opponent was around the Second-Grade True Master level. Scholar Song had no chance of winning against such an opponent in a head-on confrontation. However, if they were now poisoned, and with a bit of cleverness and luck, he still had a chance to take them down.

Jiang Ziyan smiled. “So, what do you think? Is it good news?”

“Delightfully good news,” Scholar Song replied.

If the other party were poisoned, their strength would undoubtedly be greatly diminished. Moreover, he would be more motivated to search for the ‘antidote.’ This would increase his chances of locating the opponent based on the clues.

Jiang Ziyan asked, “I heard from the Alchemical Sage that you have a way to find the assassin’s accomplices?”

“Yes, I received a lead from the Alchemical Sage’s predecessor, and I’ve asked a friend to help track it down. However, whether we can find the person still requires some luck,” Scholar Song answered.

Jiang Ziyan inquired, “So... once you find them, what are you planning to do?”

“It depends on their strength. If there’s a chance, I’ll take advantage of their weakness and eliminate them to prevent future problems. If I find myself completely unable to face a strong enemy, I’ll have to ask the seniors in our group for help,” Scholar Song said, clenching his fists.

“Eliminate? Hehe.” Jiang Ziyan made a slicing motion across her throat. “So… given that you’ve never taken a life before, do you have that determination when facing your enemy?”

“...I will prepare myself mentally!” Scholar Song said in a low voice. “For my own sake, and for the safety of my friends and family, I will be ready.”

Determination; he must possess it. Whether he wanted to or not, he had to have it!

The other party was relentless, and if he lacked even this basic resolve, he might as well just wait for them to come and take his head.

“The best case scenario. I can only remind you: never harbor any mercy towards your enemies. And make sure to confirm whether they are truly dead. Cultivators have countless life-saving techniques, and when necessary, erasing all traces is the best course of action. For cultivators around the Second Grade, at least severing their head is essential,” Jiang Ziyan yawned. “So, I wish you success.”

With that, before Scholar Song could respond, she gracefully leaped out of the window, vanishing from his sight.

“Thank you,” Scholar Song muttered silently.

……

……

4:40 PM.

Scholar Song dragged his exhausted body to run another five kilometers.

“This won’t do; running alone has limited benefits for physical fitness. Maybe I should consider weighted training? But it seems like that might affect my height, preventing me from growing taller?”

“I have the Body Refining Elixir, so it should be fine.”

Scholar Song’s mind was racing with thoughts.

Forget it, I’ll just head back to the dorm to rest. I can plan the weight training and fitness regimen in a few days.