**Materials for the Five Elements Spirit Contract Altar!**

“Blood Qi Pill?” Scholar Song’s eyes lit up with excitement. This was truly an unexpected surprise! He never thought he would get his hands on a Blood Qi Pill so soon. Before taking on the task of ‘hosting Immortal Sage Bai’, Scholar Song even considered it a luxury to hope for a Blood Qi Pill at this stage.

“Lucky break,” the Alchemical Sage remarked.

Not long ago, the Hermit of North River was enticing Scholar Song with Blood Qi Pills and techniques to get him to accept the task of 'hosting Immortal Sage Bai'. Now, in the blink of an eye, Scholar Song already had a Blood Qi Pill in his possession. Although the quantity was limited...

Could it be that the saying about good deeds being rewarded was true? Scholar Song, being the good person he was, had finally reaped the rewards of his accumulated virtue!

However, thinking back, it seemed only natural.

The altar master who was slain was a second-grade cultivator.

The body refining liquid that the altar master no longer needed had been something he used to reward his subordinates.

As for the Blood Qi Pill, while it was primarily a first-grade pill, it could still restore a second-grade cultivator's true qi to some extent. That altar master was likely one of the poorer cultivators, unable to obtain the more precious 'Harmony Qi Pill', and had to settle for the 'Blood Qi Pill'.

Moreover, the altar master was cautious by nature, always keeping valuable items on him.

And now, all of it had ended up in Scholar Song’s hands.

“One Blood Qi Pill can restore all my blood qi. With these two bottles, I should be good for a while, right?” Scholar Song asked.

The Alchemical Sage nodded. “As long as you don’t train day and night, you should be able to use them for some time. Moreover, this batch of Blood Qi Pills is of decent quality; each one can be used multiple times.”

“So I won’t be lacking Blood Qi Pills in the short term?!” Scholar Song’s eyes sparkled again. “Senior Alchemical Sage, do you think I should go back and tell the Hermit of North River that I’ve changed my mind about hosting Immortal Sage Bai?”

“Ha ha.” The Alchemical Sage didn’t respond directly, only letting out a kind-hearted chuckle.

There’s a saying: ‘If a friend dies, don’t let the poor Taoist die too’?

Yes, that’s the one!

……

“Alright, I was just joking,” Scholar Song shrugged. Two bottles of Blood Qi Pills were far too few—only twenty-six pills total. It was questionable if they could last until Immortal Sage Bai came out of seclusion. This quantity was just enough for him to get a taste of the effects of the Blood Qi Pill.

In the end, he took out a metallic box the size of A5 paper.

Anything that could be stored alongside body refining liquid and precious Blood Qi Pills couldn’t be too shabby, right?

As he grabbed the box, Scholar Song felt its weight; it was as if he was holding a heavy iron plate.

“What’s inside?” Scholar Song curiously opened the metallic box.

Inside lay two charred wooden pieces, ten crystals in gold, green, red, blue, and brown, a folded piece of cloth, and two bottles of strange liquid... and a mishmash of other items. Aside from the cloth, all the other items were in pairs.

“Is this the altar master’s collection? I didn’t expect him to have such diverse interests, collecting all sorts of strange things,” Scholar Song remarked as he rummaged through the box, unable to discern their significance.

“Thunderstruck wood, Five Elements stones, robes inscribed with formations, dragon ghost balm... these aren’t just random oddities; they are considered precious items among cultivators,” the Alchemical Sage explained with a smile.

“Precious items? Can they be exchanged for Blood Qi Pills?” Scholar Song was thrilled.

Blood Qi Pills not only accelerated foundation building but also restored blood qi in various acupoints during the first-grade stage, significantly aiding cultivation speed. The more he had, the better!

“Yes, with the quality of Blood Qi Pills you have, these treasures could be exchanged for a fair number. However, if you trade these treasures for Blood Qi Pills, you might regret it,” the Alchemical Sage chuckled.

“Why’s that?” Scholar Song asked.

“These treasures weren’t just randomly collected by that altar master. The thunderstruck wood, Five Elements stones, and dragon ghost balm are fundamental materials for setting up a formation. That formation is called the ‘Five Elements Spirit Contract Altar’, commonly known as the Spirit Ghost Contract Formation,” the Alchemical Sage said lightly. “So now, do you still want to trade these items for Blood Qi Pills?”

Scholar Song shook his head vigorously.

Thunderstruck wood, Five Elements stones, dragon ghost balm... and all those other odd bits; aside from the thunderstruck wood, he had never seen the other items in real life. If he traded them for Blood Qi Pills, who knew if he would be able to find similar items again in the future?

Contracting a spirit ghost—once he completed his hundred-day foundation building, he could attempt to form a contract. By then, even if he was past the optimal age for foundation building, having a spirit ghost to assist him might allow him to catch up with those elite disciples from various sects.

This spirit ghost could very well be the key to his path of cultivation!

“You’re indeed quite lucky. The altar master you took down was originally planning to acquire a spirit ghost for a contract and had prepared two sets of materials for the ‘Five Elements Spirit Contract Altar’. In the end, all of it fell to you,” the Alchemical Sage remarked.

That made sense. The altar master had been pursuing spirit ghosts for years, and among his prized possessions, he could hardly be missing the materials for contracting a spirit ghost.

“The reason the altar master prepared two sets was that there were originally two spirit ghosts in the Ghost Lantern Temple. He intended to contract both spirit ghosts at once, but in the end, one ended up with Fay Yu and the other with me,” Scholar Song laughed heartily.

Afterward, he carefully placed all the small bottles and the materials for the ‘Five Elements Spirit Contract Altar’ back into the black carrying case. He thought for a moment and tucked the smaller quantity of Blood Qi Pills into his pocket.

He tossed around eight hundred thousand in cash back into the box, only keeping the bundle of loose change in his pocket.

“Senior, can I leave this box here for now?” Scholar Song inquired. It wouldn’t be convenient to take it back. If Zhao Yaya decided to inspect his box and saw it stuffed with red bills, how could he explain the source of the money?

Not to mention all those pills inside.

After considering everything, it was safest to leave it with the Alchemical Sage.

“No problem, just leave it here,” the Alchemical Sage agreed. “Do you have some free time now? Help me try the new formula for the body refining liquid I improved yesterday. Also, I need to teach you how to use a cultivator’s ‘dan furnace’ soon. Your hotpot and electromagnetic stove combo is giving me a headache.”

“Can we do it tonight? Right now... I need to make a trip to see my sister,” Scholar Song replied with a pained expression, looking as if he was embarking on a noble mission.

The Alchemical Sage laughed. “Sister? Oh, the interesting one you mentioned earlier, who suspects you have some hidden ailment? Ha ha ha, go on, go on. After you sort that out, come back to help me test the formula. I’m not in a hurry.”

“Well then, Senior, I’m off!” Scholar Song waved goodbye and left the Alchemical Sage’s place.

……

On the way back to Jiangnan University City, Scholar Song frowned. “Did I forget something? I feel like there’s something I wanted to ask Senior Alchemical Sage.”

He thought and thought, racking his brain.

Oh! Right! It was about that flashy foreign monk on the train.

He wondered how the foreign monk was doing after being taken away by the police?

Scholar Song had initially intended to discuss the foreign monk’s situation with the Alchemical Sage, seeking the elder’s opinion.

But after receiving the Blood Qi Pill and the materials for the Five Elements Spirit Contract Altar, he had become so excited that he completely forgot to mention the foreign monk to the elder.

Forget it... he would remember to ask next time. Scholar Song promised himself inwardly.