I'm sorry, Serena. 

Serena Zhou truly never expected that seven years later, there would still be an old debt to settle. 

If it had been in the past, Fu Nanchuan’s question would have sparked a whirlwind of chaotic thoughts in her mind. However, now… her heart felt like a barren wasteland, completely devoid of warmth. 

So, in response to Fu Nanchuan's inquiry, she sighed and answered candidly, “My orientation hasn’t changed. I’ve always been straight. That confession letter I read out to Sister Nanyin back then… it wasn’t written for her!” 

At this, Fu Nanchuan's eyes lit up, and he blurted, “Then who was it for? Was it for me?” 

Serena hadn’t anticipated Fu Nanchuan would be so straightforward. The Fu Nanchuan she knew seven years ago had seemed… much more reserved. 

“Yes.” 

“Then why did you end up reading it to my sister and not giving it to me?” 

This question made Serena frown, and for a moment, she truly didn’t know how to explain. 

“Did I do something terrible back then that made you angry?” Fu Nanchuan racked his brain, trying to remember if he had ever done anything to hurt her or upset her. 

During their youth, he might not have been very thoughtful, but they had always gotten along well… 

In high school, they were the closest of friends, sharing almost everything with each other. They spent more time together than they did with their families. 

It was a time when their relationship was beautifully ambiguous, just waiting for them to grow up… 

He had thought, once they were older, once exams were over, he would confess his feelings to her. But who could have predicted that one day, she would boldly read a passionate confession letter to his sister over the loudspeaker? 

That moment made Serena Zhou a household name. 

But it also completely shattered any possibility of a future between them. 

At that time, Fu Nanchuan never imagined that Serena could have feelings for his sister. He had thought she was using him to get closer to her. 

After Serena confessed to Nanyin, Fu Nanchuan felt like the sky was falling. Everything felt surreal, more fantastical than he could have ever imagined. 

He had always believed that he and Serena shared mutual affection… only to realize she hadn’t even looked at him. She could never possibly have feelings for him. 

Everything had been nothing more than his own self-indulgent fantasy. 

The fact that Serena had used him to approach his sister left a significant shadow in Fu Nanchuan’s heart. 

It lingered with him even as he went abroad to study, encountering girls who showed genuine affection for him with their clear, loving gazes. 

His first reaction wasn’t joy, but rather dread. He constantly questioned whether he was misinterpreting their intentions, wondering if those girls even liked boys at all. 

Even if they hinted at their feelings in the most obvious ways, as long as they didn’t voice their emotions aloud, he would never easily show his own feelings. 

He was cautious even with flirtation. After all, he had once enjoyed the most beautiful and pure form of affection. 

But alas, reality proved that it was merely a seemingly beautiful yet incredibly fragile bubble. Once popped, the scene inside was too ghastly to behold, leaving him unwilling to look back. 

In the years that followed, while Fu Nanchuan drifted abroad with this mindset, he missed out on several potential relationships. 

He wasn’t without resentment towards Serena Zhou. Yet he understood that personal orientation wasn’t something one could simply choose to change. 

He didn’t blame Serena for liking his sister; he only resented her for using him to get close to her. He resented the beautiful fantasies and hopes she had once given him… 

So many years later, Fu Nanchuan remained abroad, hesitant to return home. 

The truth was that this incident had become an insurmountable hurdle for him, as he simply didn’t know how to face Serena. 

It wasn’t until his sister called to tell him that Serena was dating a graduate student named Leo Sterling and that Serena likely wasn’t gay, that he felt a little of the pent-up frustration in his heart dissipate. 

But if that confession letter from Serena hadn’t been meant for his sister, then who was it for? 

Was it for him? Or someone else? 

If it were someone else… in high school, Serena’s closest friends were just two people: him and Jiang Li. 

Others weren’t as close to her. If she liked Jiang Li, she would have confessed directly to him. 

If it wasn’t Jiang Li… then it had to be him. 

But if it was him, why didn’t she give that love letter to him? 

This question had troubled Fu Nanchuan for a long time. 

He had originally planned to find Jiang Li once he returned home to seek some clarity. Yet he never expected to run into her at the hospital today. 

As the conversation progressed to this point, he naturally asked the question that had been lingering in his mind. 

Serena thought for a moment and replied, “I’m sorry. I must have been angry at you for some reason back then, which is why I chose to confess to Sister Nanyin…” 

“But what that reason was, I’m sorry, I’ve forgotten!” 

Fu Nanchuan looked at Serena in disbelief, “You forgot?” 

This should have been a matter that angered her greatly, prompting her to confess to his sister as a form of revenge or to distance herself from him. 

Such an incident should have left a deep impression on her; how could she forget? 

Fu Nanchuan couldn’t understand. Moreover, he genuinely couldn’t recall anything he’d done to hurt her so severely. 

“Serena, please think it over carefully. I truly can’t remember doing anything to hurt you…” 

Serena shook her head, “I’m sorry, I really can’t remember. Besides, it’s all in the past now. Even if I did remember, it wouldn’t matter…” 

Her words left Fu Nanchuan momentarily stunned. 

The smile in his eyes faded, replaced by a hint of melancholy. 

“Yeah…” he said slowly, “the past is the past. But this has always been a knot in my heart. At least now I’ve clarified one thing, and that’s enough. But regarding the hurt I caused you back then…” 

“…Although I truly can’t recall what I did, if it made you so angry and sad, I still owe you an apology.” 

Fu Nanchuan said earnestly, “I’m sorry, Serena. I hope you can forgive me for the harm I caused you when I was young and ignorant!”