I'm really looking forward to seeing your results.

Serena Zhou wasn’t sure how much she would drink tonight, so after giving it some thought, she decided to decline. It was a shame that she wouldn’t get to taste the delicious soup that Leo Sterling had made. However, after speaking with Leo, Serena felt a little of the heaviness in her heart lift. The mere thought of being able to spend time with such a tender young man after her busy day filled her with anticipation.

Serena made it a point to visit Mrs. Duan two to three times a week. Sometimes she would join her for meals, bring thoughtful little gifts, or simply sit with her and chat. Mrs. Duan was always affectionate towards Serena, often reminiscing about her past. Once a conversation got started, it could easily stretch on for two or three hours.

Of course, Serena was always very attentive and gentle in front of Mrs. Duan. She listened intently to everything Mrs. Duan said, responding appropriately at the right moments. Mrs. Duan would often tell her how much she enjoyed their conversations. 

“If I had been born a few decades later, I’m sure we would have been great friends!” 

Serena’s eyes sparkled as she sincerely chimed in, “Auntie, we have so much to talk about now! Besides, I can’t help but admire your outlook on life. I only wish I could have met you sooner!”

“Ha ha, right, right, right… it’s a shame we didn’t meet sooner…” 

Mrs. Duan was in high spirits, eagerly serving Serena food, “...Serena, you’re too thin! Come on, eat more!” 

Just then, Duan Kangyu walked in and was greeted by his mother’s cheerful laughter. Upon entering the dining room, he found Serena was indeed the guest.

Duan Kangyu remained perplexed by his mother’s fondness for the Zhou siblings. Even after Zhou Jingchen had called off his engagement to Tang Ying over some man, Mrs. Duan was still keen on maintaining ties with the Zhou family.

Upon entering, he greeted his mother with a smile, calling her “Mom,” and then turned to Serena with a friendly, “Serena, you’re here.”

As he took his seat, the servants quickly set down more bowls and chopsticks. Mrs. Duan glanced at her son with a frown, snorting in disapproval and ignoring him completely.

Serena, on the other hand, greeted him sweetly, “Uncle Duan, you’re back so soon? I thought you would take a detour through Japan and wouldn’t be home until tomorrow!”

“Detour through Japan?” Mrs. Duan raised an eyebrow at her son, questioning sharply, “What were you doing in Japan?”

Duan Kangyu wiped his hands with a warm towel, mumbling, “Nothing much, just visiting a friend!”

“You’re all grown up and only going around having fun instead of settling down. I want to tell you, I’m very satisfied with this young lady, Serena. She’s the daughter-in-law I’ve chosen for you. If you dare to mistreat her, I won’t let you off easily!” 

Duan Kangyu exchanged a knowing glance with Serena, smiling as he replied, “Don’t worry, Mom. The daughter-in-law you like isn’t going anywhere!”

After drying his hands, he served Mrs. Duan some food before offering some to Serena as well. Surprised by the attention, she thanked him with a sweet smile and quickly grabbed her chopsticks to serve him back.

“Uncle Duan, you seem to have lost some weight lately. You should eat some ribs to replenish your strength!” 

Mrs. Duan watched them with a beaming smile, pleased to see their warm interaction.

As the meal came to an end, Mrs. Duan decided to take a walk to help with digestion. Serena had intended to accompany her, but Mrs. Duan insisted she spend more time with Duan Kangyu.

Lowering her head in a shy manner, Serena obediently agreed. Once Mrs. Duan left, she turned to Duan Kangyu with a sweet, innocent smile.

While Duan Kangyu acted all gentlemanly in front of his mother, once she was gone, he immediately switched gears, his eyes cold and his lips curling into a smirk as he scrutinized Serena.

Serena could never accurately gauge Duan Kangyu’s feelings toward her, but she sensed that he didn’t hold her in high regard. So, before he could say anything, she took the initiative, “Uncle Duan, you must be tired after just returning. You should rest early. I have a dinner appointment with General Qianxing Su later, so I’ll be leaving now.”

As she turned to go, he coldly commanded, “Stop.”

Duan Kangyu’s voice chilled as he asked, “Serena, do you know what I dislike most about you?”

Serena halted, turning back to face him with a calm expression, and replied obediently, “Whatever it is, I’ll do my best to change it to your satisfaction.”

“Satisfaction?” Duan Kangyu pulled out a cigarette, lighting it as he narrowed his eyes, looking through the soft white smoke at Serena. “Serena, there isn’t a single part of you, inside or out, that I find satisfactory. If you truly wish to improve, perhaps you should start with your insincere and hypocritical ways?”

Serena clasped her hands behind her back, lowering her gaze, “Are you saying that I shouldn’t be so eager to please your mother? But if you’re unhappy with me and don’t wish to acknowledge me, what can I do to earn a chance for us to understand each other better?”

Her tone was low and sincere. 

Duan Kangyu scoffed lightly, a smirk playing on his lips, “Serena, I was born without much empathy. I know your situation isn’t great, but that really doesn’t concern me much. I promised to back the loan for Qianxing, so don’t worry. Even if you don’t do these things, I’ll still sign off…”

Duan Kangyu’s gaze shifted, scanning Serena with a mysterious, complex emotion before suddenly asking, “...Have you slept with that pretty boy of yours?”

Serena answered honestly, “Yes, I have.”

A strange light flickered in Duan Kangyu’s eyes. “How was it?”

Serena replied calmly, “Not bad.”

“Just ‘not bad’?”

After a moment, she reconsidered, “Very good.”

Duan Kangyu remarked, “So it seems you’re not averse to sleeping with men.”

Serena remained silent. She didn’t want to explain her past feelings for women, at least not to Duan Kangyu.

“Very well…” he continued, “...If you can let go of your pride and shame in that regard and give me some new experiences, I might show you some more kindness!”

Serena replied earnestly, “I’ll do my best!”

Duan Kangyu grinned devilishly, “Good, I’m looking forward to seeing your results!” 

Serena clenched her hands behind her back, forcing a strained smile as she responded, “I won’t let you down, Uncle Duan.”

His laughter echoed, “Serena, you’re finally starting to pique my interest!”

But Serena couldn’t muster a smile. 

Duan Kangyu stood up and walked closer to her, cupping her chin gently as he lifted it slightly. He leaned down, his lips brushing close to her ear as he whispered, “There’s just over a month left. Don’t be lazy; practice well. I’ve made some special preparations for our wedding night, so don’t let me down…”

Serena gazed into Duan Kangyu’s deep, cold eyes, nodding obediently. “Mm.”

Duan Kangyu closed his eyes, leaning closer to Serena’s neck to inhale her scent, satisfied as he remarked, “You finally have a hint of a woman’s fragrance about you.”

Serena gritted her teeth, suppressing the wave of nausea rising within her, desperately holding back the urge to push him away forcefully.