You Say You Love Me

Unfortunately, dawn broke quickly, and the glaring sunlight pierced through, causing Serena Zhou to wince in pain. 

She must have stayed up too late last night, because when she woke up, Leo Sterling was still tightly holding her in his arms, sleeping soundly and peacefully. In the harsh white light, Serena found herself gazing at the extraordinarily handsome boy, his features striking enough to seem almost unreal, and a smile involuntarily curved her lips.

She stared at Leo for quite a while, lost in her thoughts, but eventually, she knew she had to get up. Carefully, she eased herself out of Leo's embrace, tiptoeing her way out of bed to wash up. However, as soon as her feet touched the ground and her knees bent, she suddenly found herself kneeling on the floor.

"Ouch!" Serena exclaimed, her eyes widening in surprise. 

She knew she had rolled around in bed with Leo last night, but she hadn’t anticipated waking up to such soreness all over her body. This little beast…

She was drunk, after all. 

Although she was well aware of her own state, she hadn’t expected such a terrifying consequence from her wild antics in the middle of the night. 

"Serena, you’re awake?" Leo, disturbed by her yelp, rubbed his eyes and asked in confusion, "Why are you on the floor? Are you okay?"

With that, he threw off the covers, got out of bed, and furrowed his brow, worry etched on his face as he lifted Serena back onto the bed.

Covering her eyes with her hand, Serena couldn’t help but think that if she had to miss work because of her indulgence, it would be too embarrassing! 

"Are you feeling very uncomfortable?" 

Seeing her troubled expression, Leo felt a pang of guilt and said, "I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself last night. If you really feel terrible, just hit me or scold me to vent!"

As he spoke, he solemnly promised, "I won't do this again..."

"..."

At his words, Serena removed her hand from her eyes and shot him a fierce glare, scolding him playfully, "You little beast, be quiet!"

Leo obediently replied with a soft "Oh" as he glanced at the clock on the wall. He then opened his mouth again, saying, "Serena, it’s getting late. Are you going to work? If you are, I'll go get you some water and make breakfast. If not, I can call Lin Cheng and let him know..."

Of course, Serena still needed to go to work. 

Leo kissed her on the lips and said, "Then you can sleep a little longer. I’ll wake you up when breakfast is ready!"

Serena mumbled a response and, before long, Leo was back, urging her to get up again. 

But with her body aching all over, Serena felt utterly unable to rise. 

Leo leaned down and kissed her once more, then gently carried her to wash up. 

Serena felt utterly useless. 

But if it weren’t for Leo taking advantage of her drunken state last night…

She decided it was time to talk to Leo.

Sitting at the dining table, she looked at the beautifully plated heart-shaped fried egg and found it hard to speak. 

"What's wrong, Serena? Are you still feeling unwell?" 

Noticing her frowning face and lack of appetite, Leo quickly pushed the fried egg aside and offered her a plate with a piece of sweet corn instead. 

Serena truly had no appetite. After a couple of bites, she pushed the bowl away and looked seriously at Leo. "Leo, I want to talk to you about what happened last night..."

Leo straightened up, sitting up straight and attentive. 

"I'm sorry, Serena. I shouldn’t have taken advantage of you while you were drunk. I really didn’t plan on doing anything, but you…"

Leo’s gaze locked onto hers, his eyes filled with warmth and a hint of shyness. 

"...you said you loved me, and you were crying when you said it... I can’t resist it when a girl cries, especially when it’s you crying in bed..."

Last night, Leo had genuinely not intended to touch Serena. But when she suddenly confessed her love and shed tears, he found himself unable to withstand it. 

He had already taken off her clothes and was gently wiping her down when her words and tears struck him to his core. 

Then, he lost control...

Serena, who was mid-sip of her milk, choked at Leo's words, coughing uncontrollably. 

Leo quickly got up, handing her a tissue while gently patting her back. 

With a hint of smugness, he asked, "Did I scare you?"

Serena furrowed her brows, squinting at him and tilting her head in disbelief. "You mean I said… what last night?"

With one hand on her back and the other on the table, Leo leaned in closer, his tone serious as he emphasized, "You said you, love, me!"

Serena’s expression was one of shock, as if struck by lightning. 

Seeing her reaction, Leo couldn’t help but smile, lifting her chin and kissing her gently. "You need to drink less in the future, you know? Last night…"

As he spoke, his voice dropped, and the atmosphere thickened with a sultry tension. 

"...was just too tempting, so you can’t blame me for not being able to hold back!"

Serena felt her cheeks flush, her words stumbling as she replied, "I… I was drunk, so I don’t remember what I said or did. Anyway, I have to go to work."

After finishing her sentence, she pushed Leo away and stood up to leave. 

Leo had never seen her this flustered before, and it brought him a strange sense of delight. 

In truth, she didn’t need to be this way; he didn’t plan on holding her drunken confession against her! 

"Serena, if you’re not feeling well, I can carry you. No, I can give you a piggyback ride down, okay?"

Serena’s gait was indeed a bit awkward. 

Leo, the little wolf cub, was becoming increasingly beastly…

"No need, I’m perfectly fine!"

With a smile, Leo caught up to her before she could open the door, lifting her effortlessly into his arms and saying softly, "It’s really rare to see you embarrassed, but you never have to pretend in front of me."

Serena furrowed her brows but didn’t respond, allowing him to carry her out the door and into the elevator. 

"Do you have a social event tonight, Serena?" 

With a neutral expression, she replied, "Mhm."

Concerned, Leo asked, "Are you going to drink again?"

Serena didn’t want to tell Leo that tonight, Duan Kangyu was hosting a pool party at his villa in Ulsan, where not only would she drink, but she might also face some unforeseen "incidents." 

"I’m going to a place far from here to drink tonight, so you don’t need to pick me up or wait for me," she said casually, hoping to avoid further questions.

She leaned in and gently bit Leo's chin, leaving a bright red lip mark and whispering, "We’ve been too reckless these days. I’m getting old and need to rest. You should also rein in your beastly side."

Leo chuckled lightly and obediently replied, "I understand. I’ll wait patiently for you to recover and come find me..."

"I have a business trip this weekend, so I won’t have time until next week."

Snuggling into Leo’s embrace, Serena felt the solid warmth of his chest and the steady beat of his heart… She truly wished she could stay in this embrace for a lifetime! 

--- 

**To be continued...**