**I’m Afraid You Don’t Love Me**

Leo Sterling parked the car at the foot of the mountain, taking Serena Zhou's hand as they walked along the winding path through the fields. 

As they passed a patch of farmland, Leo enthusiastically explained what was being cultivated there and how it was tended to, talking all the way from the base of the mountain to halfway up. 

Serena didn’t remember much of what Leo said, but she was amazed that he had such a large experimental farm. 

“It’s just land I rent,” Leo clarified, “This mountain’s been deserted for a while. Even though it’s not too far from the city, the area is too mountainous for real estate development or large-scale agriculture. That’s why the rent is so cheap.” 

When they passed a field of peas, Leo’s smile was bright and unabashed. “Sister, look! This is the pea patch I told you about. The flowers are blooming beautifully right now. Isn’t it stunning?” 

Serena gazed at the vibrant green of the pea plants, dotted with beautiful purple flowers. She nodded sincerely, “Yeah, it really is beautiful.” 

She pulled out her phone, bending down to snap a picture of the purple pea flowers. Then she tugged at Leo, and they squatted together in the field, taking several selfies together. 

After they finished, Serena frowned as she admired the thriving pea plants. She turned to Leo and asked, “Leo, don’t you think it would be a shame if we ruined this beautiful patch of peas?” 

Leo chuckled knowingly, gently pinching Serena’s sun-kissed cheek, “Don’t worry. It’s such a large field; we won’t take up much space.” 

Serena licked her lips, “So when do we…?” 

Leo laughed and shook his head, a hint of exasperation in his tone, “Sister, it’s still daytime! We should at least wait until tonight. Come on, let’s grab something to eat and rest for a bit, then I’ll take you to see the fruits and flowers I’ve planted…” 

He led Serena’s hand toward a white cottage nestled beside a large bamboo grove halfway up the mountain. 

“I’ve asked a couple of uncles and aunts to help me take care of the crops here. The house belongs to one of the aunts I rent from. I called ahead, so they should have prepared dinner by now…” 

As they entered the house, they found that the dining area was already set with steaming, delicious dishes. Two kind-looking aunts dressed in simple clothes greeted them, a bit flustered. 

Leo politely exchanged greetings with them before introducing Serena. The aunts were pleasantly surprised. 

Serena greeted them sweetly and engaged in small talk. The aunts excused themselves, leaving Leo and Serena alone in the spacious living room filled with a bountiful spread of food. 

“Sit down, Sister,” Leo urged, “Try these dishes. They made them with fresh vegetables picked this morning…” 

He thoughtfully served Serena, saying, “See if it suits your taste. If not, we can go pick some vegetables this afternoon, and I’ll cook for you myself.” 

Eagerly, Serena took a bite and honestly replied, “The aunts are good cooks, but it can’t compare to your delicious meals.” 

Leo smiled, “Then we’ll go pick whatever you want this afternoon, and I’ll make it for you.” 

After lunch, Leo had Serena change into different clothes. Since they hadn’t used pesticides in the fields, there might be little bugs around. 

“Are you afraid of bugs, Sister?” 

Serena shook her head, “Not at all.” 

Seeing her carefree attitude made Leo curious, “Then is there anything you’re afraid of?” 

With her eyes sparkling, Serena blurted, “I’m afraid you don’t love me.” 

That answer left Leo amused. He reached out and pinched Serena’s rosy cheek that had been kissed by the sun, chuckling. “Miss Zhou, you’re quite the smooth talker! If you keep this up, I might start doubting your claim of having no romantic experience.” 

Serena shook her head, explaining, “That’s not a lie! I really haven’t been in a relationship before.” 

“Really? No crushes or anyone you’ve pursued?” 

“There were people I liked… and I did pursue them, but they didn’t like me back. When I confessed, I got turned down on the spot.” 

As they chatted, they arrived at a large vegetable patch. 

This garden was filled with a variety of produce: small and large tomatoes, bright green cucumbers, green beans, and a large patch of watermelons… although the watermelons were still small. Serena couldn’t help but drool at the sight. 

Leo said, “By the time I come back for summer vacation, the watermelons will be ripe. We can come back then, but for now, we can’t touch them!” 

Serena sighed a disappointed “Oh,” as she began to pick some seasonal vegetables to put into a basket. 

Then they followed Leo to see the flowers he had planted. 

Although the garden wasn’t expansive and the varieties weren’t planted in large quantities, the diversity of flowers was impressive. 

Aside from the flowers Serena recognized from the florist, there were many types she had never seen before. 

Excitedly, she pulled Leo’s hand closer as she marveled at the rainbow of colors in the flower fields, asking, “Leo, what kind of flower is this?” 

“Leo, this flower is so beautiful! What’s its name?” 

“And this one? What’s this flower called?” 

Serena kept asking while taking photos. 

“The images are distorted on this phone. I should have brought my camera…” 

That afternoon, Serena flitted around the flower fields like a diligent little butterfly, snapping pictures of not just the flowers and scenery but also of Leo and herself. 

After a few cooperative shots, Leo grew tired of the photo sessions. He really didn’t enjoy taking pictures. 

Serena pouted, “This place is so beautiful, and we’re in our youth! Let’s take more pictures, Leo…” 

She tiptoed and playfully nibbled his chin. 

With a teasing whisper, she added, “...but honestly, I’d prefer to take pictures in this flower field and that pea patch tonight. It’s a pity it’ll be dark here, so it might not work out!” 

Feeling the heat rise to his ears from her teasing, Leo’s eyes sparkled. He pulled Serena close, kissing her deeply. 

“Is that all you think about, Sister?” 

Serena corrected him with a smile, “Not at all! But when you’re around, that’s all I can think of. It’s your fault for being so charming!” 

With one arm around Leo’s neck and the other slipping under his T-shirt, she ignited the sparks between them, her gaze alluring and her voice soft. 

“Leo, do we really have to wait until tonight? I saw those aunts and uncles working in the terraced fields far below us… they’re really quite far away…”