**Hidden Intentions**

Serena Zhou’s hand was still wrapped in plaster, but the bandage around her neck had been removed. She held her arm gingerly, feeling a faint ache radiate from her injured limb. Yet, in front of Leo Sterling, she masked her discomfort flawlessly. “I was waiting for you. Didn’t you call me this afternoon? Unfortunately, my phone broke, so I didn’t get to answer. Did you need something?”

Leo hadn’t expected her to seek him out just because of a missed call, especially not with such effort put into her appearance. A flicker of confusion crossed his mind as he replied softly, “Um… I do have something to discuss. It’s about the gift you gave me…”

Serena’s beautiful eyes sparkled as she smiled, lighting up the room. “Did you open it? Do you like it?”

Leo hesitated, then nodded slightly. However, Serena noticed that his expression didn’t quite convey excitement, and her smile faltered. “Do you really like it? Because your face seems a bit serious. Is something wrong with the figurine?”

That figurine was a limited edition that had long been out of circulation. While it wasn’t overly expensive, it was a rare find in the current market and, as far as she knew, Leo had been wanting it for quite some time. There was no reason for him not to like it. But young people could be fickle; they might love something one day and lose interest the next.

Serena considered this and decided to be understanding. “But it’s okay; if it really doesn’t suit your taste, you can return it. My brother has a vast collection, and if you’re free one day, I can take you to pick out something you like?”

Leo seemed puzzled and slightly surprised. “I don’t dislike it; in fact, the figurine is perfect for me. I should say… it’s too perfect, which makes me a bit uneasy…”

“Uneasy? Why?”

Serena thought for a moment and then understood. She exclaimed with a knowing “Oh!” “You noticed my hidden intentions?”

Hidden intentions… Leo’s expression shifted to one of doubt. He looked directly at Serena, questioning, “So, Miss Zhou…”

With a radiant smile, Serena candidly replied, “I have a crush on you, Leo. I’m curious—do you have a girlfriend or someone you like? If not, would you consider giving me a chance?”

Leo was taken aback, his eyes wide with disbelief as he stared at Serena. “Miss Zhou… likes me? Why?”

“Yep, I like you. As for the reason… I think I mentioned something before I fainted on the day of the accident…”

Serena playfully blinked and added with a smirk, “...Do you want me to repeat it now?”

The words she had spoken during that traumatic day had seemed like delirious ramblings to Leo at the time, but now he realized they carried weight.

“Did I scare you?” Serena asked, noticing the stunned look on Leo’s face. “That shouldn’t be the case. You’re incredibly handsome and talented, so I’m sure many girls have pursued you. Haven’t they confessed their feelings?”

Indeed, several girls—and even a few boys—had shown interest in him. But none had been as direct or bold as Serena. In the past, Leo had always managed to evade such situations, and if he couldn’t escape, he would simply refuse with a cold demeanor. But Serena… she had gifted him such a rare figurine and had come dressed so elegantly tonight—it was hard to muster the words to decline.

Seeing Leo’s thoughtful expression, Serena felt elated. His hesitation suggested there was still hope, but she also recognized that pressing him for an answer right now might be inappropriate.

She decided to play it cool. “You don’t have to rush to answer me. After all, you haven’t even heard my conditions yet! I have another dinner to attend tonight, so I’ll be leaving now. We can talk more when I invite you out for a meal next time…”

Serena pondered her busy schedule and realized she didn’t know when that “next time” would be. She vaguely added, “...Maybe when I treat you to dinner, we can discuss it more. Bye!”

With a bright smile, Serena waved goodbye to Leo, then got into her car and drove off. Leo watched the flash of red from her car disappear into the bustling traffic, a slight smile creeping onto his lips. Serena… and her brother’s extensive collection… suddenly piqued his interest!

---

At the Luxurious Hotel, Banquet Hall.

Serena arrived late to the banquet because she had gone to find Leo. As soon as she reached the entrance, her assistant, Daisy, approached her. “Miss Zhou, you’re late. Mr. Duan and his partner just left…”

This news halted Serena in her tracks. 

Through the glass doors, she gazed into the bustling banquet hall filled with people mingling and chatting. The emotions swirling within her were intense and complicated, eventually settling into a blank slate.

“Miss Zhou, are you still going in?” Daisy asked.

“Of course!” Serena replied.

Even though she despised such gatherings, she had spent over two hours preparing her outfit, and it wasn’t all for Mr. Duan. Besides, with her injury, she couldn’t drink, so if she wasn’t going to socialize now, when would she?

Taking a deep breath, Serena straightened up and walked in with elegance and confidence.

The evening of clinking glasses and merry chatter continued until after midnight. Serena hadn’t touched a drop of alcohol; Daisy handled all the toasts. As the night wore on, Daisy’s eyes became glazed, and she struggled to walk straight.

However, once they got into the car, she remembered to pull out a brand-new phone from her bag and handed it to Serena, her voice slurring slightly. “Miss Zhou, here’s your new phone. The number hasn’t changed, and all your data has been transferred. Please take a look!”

Serena took the phone, opened it, and confirmed that, as Daisy had said, all her information was intact. Scrolling through her contacts, she found Leo’s number and, after a moment's thought, decisively pressed delete.

As the lights outside the car sped past, a deep sense of sorrow settled in Serena’s brow.