**Come and Get Your Gift**

Though this awkward situation had brought the two of them closer together, on the day of the Qixi Festival, Serena Zhou still went to meet Daniel Duan. 

As Serena left in the morning, Leo Sterling wore a frown that showed his concern, but he didn’t say much—only reminding her not to drink too much and that if she was too late, he wouldn’t wait for her! 

Serena clung to Leo, reluctant to let go, tilting her head to coax, “Don’t worry, this is our first Valentine’s Day together. I’ll definitely be back before midnight.” 

She playfully patted his backside, a teasing glint in her eyes. “Little Leo, be a good boy tonight and wait for your sister. Give me a kiss…”

Serena rose on her toes and planted a big "mua" on his chin before reluctantly stepping out the door.

After a busy day, she popped a mint in her mouth, steeling herself to meet Daniel. They had arranged to meet at the same restaurant as last time. The restaurant was still reserved by Daniel, and the large space was filled only with rose petals scattered across the floor and the two of them.

Stepping onto the vibrant petals, the crisp crunch underfoot sent a shiver down her spine. Anyone unaware of the situation would likely think this was a proposal. But Serena knew Daniel wouldn’t do something so foolish.

Yet, she had to put on a careful, nervous, and shy expression. 

As soon as Daniel saw Serena, he frowned and reprimanded her in a low voice, “Why did you come dressed like this?” 

Serena hadn’t dressed up on purpose this time. She wore a simple work dress. Although it wasn’t unattractive, the conservative style seemed to hide her youthful charm. 

She shrugged with a nonchalant smile, “Sorry, Uncle Daniel. I was worried about traffic, so I didn’t have time to change. Should I go back and change now?” 

Daniel frowned, displeased. “Forget it. Just remember to wear something brighter next time. You’re so young—don’t always wear black or gray. It makes you look old…” 

Serena obediently nodded, but as she sat down, she accidentally knocked over a glass of red wine, splattering her already unflattering outfit with dark stains. 

Under Daniel's slightly narrowed and disapproving gaze, she stood up calmly, saying, “I’m really sorry, Uncle Daniel. I have to go change my clothes now. Please wait a moment; I’ll be right back!” 

Without even wiping the wine off her clothes, she politely nodded at Daniel, not sparing him a glance as she turned and strode out of the restaurant. 

Seeing how deliberately she wanted to avoid having dinner with him, Daniel pondered for a moment but decided to follow her anyway. 

Once Serena got in the car, she hadn’t driven far when Lin Cheng glanced in the rearview mirror and said, “Miss Zhou, Mr. Duan’s car is behind us.” 

Serena seemed not to hear. She popped another mint into her mouth and had Lin Cheng stop in front of a women’s clothing store. 

In no time, she returned wearing a bright and clean long dress. 

Looking stunning, Serena acted as if she hadn’t noticed Daniel’s car parked right behind theirs. She opened the car door and got in, giving no hesitation as she instructed Lin Cheng to take her to Leo’s apartment. 

Lin Cheng nodded, glanced in the rearview mirror again, and noticed Daniel’s car still following them. This time, however, he didn’t remind Serena.

Once Serena had changed into her fresh outfit, she began to tidy her hair. This was her first Valentine’s Day with Leo; she had to look beautiful. 

Arriving at Leo’s building, Serena asked Lin Cheng to help her carry a life-sized figurine—of course, it was one she had picked from her brother’s collection—to Leo’s apartment door, unboxing it and setting it up.

After Lin Cheng left, Serena posed seductively next to the figurine and knocked on the door. 

After waiting for a while with no response, her smile began to fade. 

Was Leo not home? 

That shouldn’t be the case. He said he would wait for her at home, and if he couldn’t wait, he’d go to sleep. 

Serena checked her phone and saw it was still before eight o'clock. There was no way Leo would be asleep this early. 

She raised her hand and knocked on the door again, this time with a bit more force. 

But still, no one came to answer. 

Now, Serena was sure Leo wasn’t home. 

How frustrating. 

She had even ditched Daniel for him, and now he wasn’t even home. 

Well, now she couldn’t go on with the surprise she had planned. 

Feeling dejected, Serena input the password to unlock the door. 

As the door swung open, she was greeted by darkness. 

Leo was indeed not home. 

She turned on the lights, struggling to drag the figurine inside. 

Once the door was closed, she collapsed onto the sofa, feeling utterly drained. 

The house felt eerily quiet, and Serena was a bit unaccustomed to it. 

No matter how late she returned, Leo would always wait for her at home. 

Where could he have gone? 

She pulled out her phone to text him, but after waiting for a while without a response, she called him, only to find it went unanswered. 

Feeling a bit anxious, she got up to check the kitchen. 

The soup was still warm on the stove, and there were freshly chopped scallions on the cutting board. The rice was soaking in the bowl… 

From this, she deduced that Leo must have gone to the supermarket downstairs to grab something he was missing while cooking. 

He would definitely be back soon. 

Serena sank back onto the sofa with her phone, lounging for a while. 

After handling some work matters, she logged onto a website to reply to a message from Jiang Jiang. 

Bored out of her mind, she decided to take a shower. 

Even though she had changed into clean clothes, she could still smell the lingering scent of red wine on her. 

Leo hated that smell. Every time she returned home after drinking, the first thing he would do was take her to the shower. 

Serena tossed her phone onto the sofa and headed to the bedroom to grab her pajamas. 

But when she opened the door, a flickering light greeted her, revealing a room filled with what looked like fireflies. 

And on the big bed lay a thick layer of delicate rose petals. 

On this bed of roses was a handsome, cool-looking, perfectly proportioned man, strategically covered with petals, showcasing his eight-pack abs. 

At that moment, he blushed, biting his lip and flashing a shy, awkward smile at her. 

Leo, feeling quite bashful, decided to go for it. 

He squeezed his eyes shut and said to Serena, “Sister, happy Qixi Festival!” 

Then, averted his gaze from the petals covering his key areas, he awkwardly added, “...Come and get your gift!”