**No Turning Back Once the Bow is Drawn**

"Speaking of which..." 

Serena Zhou did not shy away from the topic. With a sarcastic smile, she added, "...I also have to thank Mr. Duan for pushing me into this situation!" 

If it weren't for Duan Kangyu telling her back then that he had no interest in 'training' a rookie and suggesting she find a man to practice her experiences with, Serena wouldn't have ended up entangled with Leo Sterling. This was a classic case of shooting oneself in the foot.

Duan Kangyu, feeling frustrated, warned, "Serena, let me give you a piece of advice: don’t think that just because you’ve attached yourself to the Sheng family you can run rampant. I, Duan Kangyu, won’t be so easily crushed. As for Yingying, if we can reconcile, that would be best; if not..."

His expression turned harsh, "…you may not have any dirt on you, but that doesn’t mean Zhou Yunfang doesn’t. And let’s not forget about your mother and the Meng family..."

Was he resorting to threats because the soft approach was failing? 

Serena straightened her back, her gaze sharp as a blade. She let out a cold "hmph," showing no fear in this standoff. "Mr. Duan wants to play hardball? Great, bring it on and let’s see whether the Sheng family falls first or the Donglou Group crumbles!"

With a fierce stance, Serena refused to back down.

Duan Kangyu clenched his jaw, his eyes wide as he glared at Serena. He thought to himself that as the esteemed president of the Donglou Group, having navigated the business world for over twenty years, he had weathered countless traps and storms. There was no way he would be defeated by such an inexperienced girl.

"Serena Zhou, you’ve got guts. Since you refuse my goodwill, don’t blame me for being ruthless. If you want Tang Ying to go to jail, I’ll tell you this: the prison meal may end up being served to you instead!"

With those words, Duan Kangyu stood up angrily and strode out of the office.

As soon as he left, Serena immediately called Adam Song, informing him about Duan Kangyu's threats. He was definitely going to try and bail Tang Ying out, and he even threatened to prepare a prison meal for her.

Her complaint felt a bit like telling on someone, leaving Adam feeling somewhat dazed. Was Serena sure she had dialed the right number? If she had told Leo about this, the outcome would definitely be more favorable than telling him.

Adam replied calmly, "Don’t worry, Serena. Although Duan Kangyu founded the Donglou Group, not all the board members are loyal to him. They will be holding a shareholders' meeting soon to elect a new chairman. As for Tang Ying..."

"The evidence you provided is enough to prove her guilt. It doesn't matter if Duan Kangyu reaches out to city officials or hires the best lawyers; Tang Ying's fate is sealed!"

Adam’s words acted like a soothing balm for Serena. 

She earnestly thanked him.

After ending the call with Adam, Serena sent a message to Jiang Jiang and called for Sister Dai, instructing her to leak the news of Tang Ying’s impending imprisonment to Duan’s mother. 

She wanted to keep Duan Kangyu on his toes.

Duan's mother had previously visited her grandfather to discuss postponing the wedding between Serena and Duan Kangyu. However, her grandfather had been vague, suggesting that he couldn’t intervene in their young affairs and that they should sort it out themselves, which raised suspicions. 

At that time, Duan Kangyu had used a seemingly legitimate excuse to brush it off. 

Duan's mother, being older and more reclusive, and with Duan Kangyu deliberately hiding everything, when she finally learned the truth, it felt like everything was already set in stone. 

Tang Ying’s trial was set to commence before the New Year, and the Donglou Group's shareholders' meeting was also approaching. 

After Duan Kangyu and Serena completely severed ties, he rushed to find Sheng He, only to be met with a slammed door. 

Initially, he had sought out the Xia Law Firm in Qingheng City for Tang Ying, a top-tier legal team that had never lost a case. Yet, he was also denied entry there.

In just a single night, Duan Kangyu felt as if the entire world had turned against him.

Not only was he struggling with the issues surrounding Tang Ying and the Donglou Group’s operations, but he was also plagued by that kidnapping case from six or seven years ago. With public opinion in an uproar and the city government investigating him, it was a headache he couldn’t shake off. 

To make matters worse, the sister of the girl involved in that incident had suddenly emerged, formally filing a complaint against him. 

Duan Kangyu was already reeling from the fallout of being named in a video scandal and had been summoned for questioning at the police station. The police had even informed him that he couldn’t leave Qianhai City until the investigation was concluded.

Feeling overwhelmed, he was even preparing to risk everything to bail Tang Ying out before making a run for it when Duan's mother caught wind of the situation and demanded an explanation.

"You should have told me about all this sooner..."

Duan's mother was taken aback to learn that it was Serena pulling the strings behind the scenes. 

However, she remained composed. 

Upon discovering that Serena was now in a relationship with the young master of the Sheng family, it became clear that everything the Duan family and Donglou Group was facing had the shadow of the Sheng family behind it. Yet, the Sheng family members were avoiding Duan Kangyu like the plague.

Duan's mother calmly said, "I'll contact the Sheng family. You find a way to stabilize the Donglou Group. As for Yingying... it’s too difficult to get her out right now. Let’s wait for a year or two."

With her intervention, what Serena thought was a done deal was suddenly thrown into disarray. 

Although Tang Ying's trial proceeded as scheduled, and just as Serena had predicted, she was sentenced to ten years, Duan Kangyu still held his position at Donglou. Despite the stock price plummeting below its initial offering and the business struggling, Duan Kangyu miraculously remained unscathed.

Regarding the kidnapping case he had been reported for, the time gap made gathering evidence extremely challenging. 

Even when Jiang Jiang returned to Qianhai City with some evidence, it only proved that her family had been threatened in the past; there was no way to confirm whether the person behind that threat had been sent by Duan Kangyu.

More critically, Jiang Jiang’s sister, who had jumped off a building years ago, had not died but was left paralyzed. 

To pay for treatment, Jiang Jiang's parents had sought out Duan Kangyu through Donglou, and he had donated money to the Jiang family through a charity established by Donglou Group. 

There were records to prove the donation. 

If Duan Kangyu was truly the mastermind behind Jiang Jiang's sister's suicide, how could he possibly have donated money for her treatment... 

The odds of winning this case were slim.

Jiang Jiang felt frustrated.

Serena said, "I never intended to use this lawsuit to bring Duan Kangyu down; I just wanted to create more trouble for him, to make him lose his footing. I didn’t expect him to be so resourceful that he would actually abandon Tang Ying to protect himself..."

"What should we do now, Serena?"

Serena's gaze turned cold and resolute. "There’s no turning back once the bow is drawn; we can only gather our spirits and continue the fight!"

Having come this far, there was no reason to retreat. 

Jiang Jiang asked, "Does your boyfriend know about all this? With Duan Kangyu and Donglou still standing strong, could it be that he hasn’t given it his all?"