You Will Always Be My Savior

Daisy set Leo Sterling’s phone down on the flowerbed beside her and quickly hopped into the car. Leo furrowed his brow, standing dazedly in place for a moment before suddenly picking up the phone from the flowerbed and sprinting after her. But by the time he reached the street, Serena Zhou’s car had already driven far away.

He couldn’t catch up and had no choice but to hail a taxi to follow.

Serena Zhou…

Leo’s heart clenched.

He arrived at the hospital a few minutes late, and when he got there, Serena was in the emergency room getting treatment for the injury on the back of her hand. He could only wait outside. Daisy, on the other hand, was sitting on a bench in the corridor, her cheeks flushed and clearly intoxicated.

Lin Cheng saw Leo and asked him to keep an eye on Daisy while he went to buy some hangover medicine for her.

As Leo watched Daisy’s head droop lower and lower, her body gradually leaning against the bench, he called a nurse to bring Daisy a pillow.

Lin Cheng returned quickly, first helping Daisy drink the medicine before sitting down on the opposite bench, his eyes glued to her as he silently expressed his gratitude to Leo.

“Who is she?” Leo asked.

“Daisy, Secretary to Ms. Zhou. She’s really capable and a nice person, but she can’t hold her liquor. Every time she goes out for business with Ms. Zhou, she comes back completely drunk.”

Leo was surprised. “Serena has a lot of social engagements?”

Lin Cheng nodded. “Pretty much every night—business dinners, galas, parties. Since Ms. Zhou took over the company six months ago, aside from the few days she took off after the accident, she’s been non-stop.”

Serena is working so hard?!

As for the Shangzhou Group…

Leo suddenly recalled some news he read six months ago. So that’s why her brother… No wonder Serena had mentioned that her brother didn’t mind her giving away his collectibles.

“Lin, do you know how Serena injured her hand tonight?” Leo asked.

Lin Cheng shook his head. “I’m not sure about the details, but every time she’s with Mr. Duan, something seems to happen. Last time, he was so drunk that he burned her palm with a cigarette…”

Lin Cheng’s tone turned sour as he spoke of Duan Kangyu.

Upon hearing this, Leo’s expression darkened, anger bubbling up within him. He turned to Lin Cheng, gritting his teeth. “Which Mr. Duan? What’s his full name?”

“He’s Duan Kangyu. You might not know him, but he’s quite a big deal…”

Leo squinted. “Duan Kangyu? The one from the Donglou Group? The same guy who’s supposed to be getting engaged to Serena in three months?”

Lin Cheng looked taken aback. “You know him? You’re aware that Ms. Zhou is…”

So it’s him!

Just then, Serena exited the emergency room, her hand bandaged. Lin Cheng quickly stood up to greet her, concern etched on his face. “Ms. Zhou, how’s your hand?”

Serena hadn’t expected to see Leo there. She glanced at him and then at Daisy, who was sleeping on the bench, and replied calmly, “It’s nothing serious—just a surface wound. They stitched it up and bandaged it, so I’m fine.”

“That’s good to hear!” Lin Cheng sighed in relief, and Leo felt a weight lift off his chest as well.

“Ms. Zhou, let me take you both home now!” Lin Cheng said, moving to gently wake Daisy and supporting her as they prepared to leave. He turned to Serena, instructing, “Ms. Zhou, please follow me.”

Serena nodded and shot Leo a brief look. In that moment, Leo felt a whirlwind of emotions as his gaze fell on the long, deep cut on Serena’s bandaged left hand.

“Leo…”

Just as he was hesitating over whether to say something, Serena spoke first. “I’m sorry about earlier. I didn’t consider your feelings, but I genuinely didn’t mean to underestimate you. You will always be my savior, and I will never forget this kindness!”

Leo was taken aback. He hadn’t expected Serena to apologize so sincerely. It made his previous frustration and anger seem childish in comparison.

“And thank you for your concern. My hand is fine. It’s getting late, so please take care on your way back. I’ll be leaving now.”

Serena spoke calmly, a faint smile playing on her lips. She politely nodded at Leo before turning and striding towards the hospital exit.

Watching her slender figure disappear around the corner, Leo felt a surge of annoyance as he raked his fingers through his hair in frustration. Serena was treating him with such courtesy and politeness, as if nothing had happened. Did this mean he had been cast aside? Was she about to start hunting for new targets?

The thought of her charming other men like she once did with him ignited a fire within Leo.

If it were any other guy, they would probably jump at the chance to be with her. In fact, if Serena simply hinted at it, there would be a line of men eager to escort her to a hotel room. After all, she was stunning…

What should he do about Serena?!

With his mind in a whirl, Leo felt torn and lost for several days. Staring at the phone on his desk, he found himself back in the same miserable predicament. He was torn between hoping Serena would contact him and worrying about how to respond if she did.

But Serena never reached out again.

So he started to agonize over whether he should send her a message to check on her hand or something. But what would come after that? How could he handle it?

No matter how he looked at it, he absolutely could not accept being her lover…

Leo wrestled with himself for days in a twisted way. Finally, he resolved to forget Serena before his feelings for her became uncontrollable.

After making that decision, Leo decisively deleted her contact information.

Just when he thought that with time he could thoroughly forget about Serena, he saw her again at the school gate.

She looked just like before, wearing a floral long dress and white sneakers, presenting a perfect student appearance. She stood at the gate, her figure elegant, her smile radiant.

That smile made Leo’s heart skip a beat. But when he noticed the man standing in front of Serena, his heart skipped several beats in a row.

Yang Yang… Serena was with Yang Yang? She actually sought him out?!

She really couldn’t sit still, always looking for a man…

Watching the two chat casually, a fire ignited in Leo's chest. That fire burned through any rational thought he had left, and with clenched teeth and a storm of fury, he charged toward them… 

---

*To be continued...*