Emma Thomas slowly made her way downstairs and plopped into a chair at the dining table. She eyed Ethan Clark, who was already digging into his meal, and asked, "Did you do it?"

Ethan glanced up, puzzled. "Do what?"

"My job offer disappeared," Emma accused, fixing him with a determined stare.

"You lost your job?" Ethan replied with feigned innocence, a slight smirk playing at his lips.

Emma felt a surge of irritation at his theatrics. "Funny how everything was fine until you found out, and then suddenly, I get a polite rejection call."

"As the heir to the Clark Group, a simple phone call from you would make any company reconsider," Emma continued.

"You just want me to join your company, don't you?" Emma sighed, trying to calm herself.

Ethan chuckled, "Since you figured it out, no point in denying it. I need someone competent to handle Thomas Group, after all."

Emma was about to retort but stopped, realizing she didn't have much of an argument. "Let's eat. Let me know when you've thought it through," Ethan said, placing a piece of barbecue ribs on her plate.

Emma shot him a look, then focused on her food, munching on the ribs with a hint of frustration. The dining room was silent until Ethan's phone rang.

"Hey, Daniel Johnson," Ethan answered, setting down his chopsticks. "Sure. Copy Michael Young in on that."

After a brief conversation, Ethan hung up and resumed eating. Emma ignored the call, but Ethan seemed eager to share. "Want to know what that was about?"

Emma shrugged, uninterested, and continued eating, but Ethan's next words caught her by surprise.

"Thomas Group is yours now," he announced casually, glancing at her.

Emma's fork froze mid-air. "What did you say?"

"I've taken control of Thomas Group and transferred it to you. You're now the chairwoman," Ethan said matter-of-factly.

"You mean you actually did it?" Emma exclaimed, dropping her fork and grabbing Ethan's arm in disbelief.

Ethan nodded, looking at her fondly. He hadn't seen her this happy in ages. "I'm a shareholder too," he added.

"But I thought it was all mine?" Emma stared at him, confused.

Ethan laughed. "I had to secure some benefits for myself," he said, picking up his chopsticks again.

"What percentage do you own?" Emma asked, suddenly anxious about their shares.

"Sixty percent," Ethan replied nonchalantly, meeting her gaze.

Emma's eyes widened. "Sixty percent?"

"Yep."

"So Thomas Group is yours now? Our agreement was for you to help me get it, not take it yourself." Emma was incredulous.

Ethan paused, placing his chopsticks down. "Relax, I plan to gradually give it to you. Our shared ownership means we're connected," he said soothingly.

Emma realized he intended to tether her to him, and she felt a mix of frustration and embarrassment under his gaze. She mumbled, "I disagree," and focused on her food.

"The transfer is complete. You hold forty percent now, but you can have the chair position," Ethan explained.

"Respect our agreement, will you?" Emma snapped.

"The deal was to help you gain Thomas Group shares. It didn't specify how many or by when," Ethan countered calmly.

"You..." Emma stood up angrily, heading for the couch.

Ethan watched her go and called after her, "We're visiting Thomas Group first thing tomorrow."

Emma ignored him, sitting down on the couch, feeling tricked again by his cunning.

Ethan followed her, sitting opposite. "Your father won't be happy about this. Be prepared."

"I don't need your reminders," Emma retorted, leaning back into the couch.

Ethan moved next to her, leaning in closer. "What are you doing?" Emma asked, sensing something off.

"You look cute when you're mad," Ethan teased.

"Get away from me," Emma said, trying to push him back, but Ethan caught her hands, immobilizing her.

"Let go," Emma squirmed, but Ethan leaned in, his eyes softening. "Behave, and I'll slowly transfer the shares to you. Otherwise..."

"And what if I don't?" Emma challenged.

Ethan studied Emma's face, her defiance making her even more endearing. He couldn't resist leaning in for a kiss, his hands exploring her back and moving forward.

Emma struggled, trying to break free. "Stop... let go," she mumbled, pushing harder as he deepened the kiss, lost in her sweet taste.

As he grew more ardent, attempting to unbutton her shirt, Emma bit his tongue in desperation.

"Ouch," Ethan pulled back, wiping his mouth, staring at her.

"You jerk, we agreed on a contract marriage. Don't cross the line," Emma quickly fixed her clothes and dashed to the other side of the couch.

"When did you learn to bite?" Ethan asked, dabbing at the blood trickling from his lip.

Emma felt a twinge of guilt seeing the blood. "Don't push your luck," she warned.

Ethan stood, grabbing a tissue to wipe his mouth. "You can't leave."

"What do you mean?" Emma asked, confused.

"Did you think you'd use me to get Thomas Group shares and then just vanish?" Ethan stood, looking at her.

Emma felt exposed, her intentions laid bare. She averted her eyes.

"Remember our contract? As long as I don't agree, you can't file for divorce," Ethan reminded her, taking a step closer.

"So, I won't ever agree. You're not going anywhere. Give up on that idea," Ethan said, watching her.

Emma backed away, panic rising, and hurried out of the room.

Ethan watched her retreating figure, feeling more at ease now.