Xiao Yu stood at the corner leading to the restroom, hesitating. 

After confirming that they had truly left, she finally emerged and made her way towards the private room where Zhao Min was. 

Zhao Min was there, visibly agitated, downing drink after drink. 

How did it come to this? Had he really developed feelings for his good buddy? 

Ah, what was happening to him…

The image of Chao Yixiu flashed through his mind—his gold-rimmed glasses perched on his nose, exuding a refined and gentle demeanor. Yet, he always seemed so distant and reserved, like a star just out of reach. 

It made him want… 

Want to see Chao Yixiu lose control. 

As those thoughts swirled in his mind, he couldn't help but wonder… was it possible that he liked him that much? Just the thought of it sent shivers down his spine. 

With a casual tug, he pulled at his shirt, exposing his elegantly defined neck and clearly visible collarbone. This combination of innocence and seduction made him yearn to explore what lay beneath…

Just then, as Xiao Yu pushed the door open, she was greeted by a sight that made her heart race… 

In that instant, her mind was flooded with thoughts… 

Soon, she would have him. 

Zhao Min was so handsome and wealthy. If she was going to give away her first time, why not to a stunning man instead of some wealthy old man? 

Besides, this guy seemed to be quite open-minded; after all, he wouldn’t have ordered such services if he weren’t. 

Letting him have her might even be a win-win. 

The more she thought about it, the more rational it seemed. 

Closing the door behind her, she instinctively locked it, all while admiring his current alluring state as she slowly approached him. 

Zhao Min usually could recognize who was in front of him, but after consuming a fair amount of strong liquor, paired with some spiked drinks, his head was now in a fog. 

He could barely make out a vaguely familiar figure walking in. 

Strangely, because he had been thinking about Chao Yixiu, he mistook Xiao Yu’s face for his. 

Ignoring the obvious differences in height and build between the two, Zhao Min broke into a silly grin. 

“Hmm~ Yixiu, you’re here?” 

Then, snapping back to reality, he hurriedly explained, “I’m just here to drink, really! I didn’t do anything else.” 

As he said this, he attempted to sit up straight, swaying slightly as he tried to stand. 

However, without noticing where he was going, he tripped on something and collapsed back onto the sofa. 

The fall jolted him awake a bit. 

When he looked up, he realized that the person before him wasn’t the one he had been imagining; it was actually one of the three “princesses” he had just ordered. 

Zhao Min blinked, confused, “You… you… why are you back?” 

Xiao Yu, sensing his relative clarity, dared not act too boldly. 

She nervously hid her mischievous smile behind her hand. 

“Zhao Shao, I… I’m…” she stammered, desperately searching for an excuse. 

Just then, a loud “smack” echoed through the room. 

She looked over in confusion, only to see that Zhao Min, unable to support himself any longer, had accidentally knocked something over. 

A wave of excitement washed over her—seemed like the drug she had given him was doing its job. 

————————Mini Skit—————— 

Zhao Min: So it’s actually Chao Yixiu. 
Xiao Yu: Who is she? 
Zhao Min, groggily: Good buddy, don’t you recognize me? 
Xiao Yu: You mistook me for a guy? 
ε=ε=(Angry °Д°)ﾉ