**Chapter 46: Taking Him Back to Her Place**

Yan Xinfei drove with a satisfied smile on her face. 

Next to her, Yu Zhuo Yi was so shy he felt like burying his head in his chest. His sister was just too intense, and he felt like he was running out of breath (´；ω；`). 

As they waited for the green light, Yan Xin suddenly reached over with her left hand and lifted the little cutie's chin. 

“Feeling shy? You’re almost hiding your head in your chest,” she teased playfully. 

“I’m not!” he weakly protested. 

“Then why aren’t you looking at me?” She beamed at him, noticing the blush on his face. 

Yu Zhuo Yi met her gaze for a moment, but upon seeing the mischief in her eyes, he turned away in annoyance, looking left and right without daring to glance back at her. 

Before long, the light turned green. Yan Xin stopped teasing him and focused on driving. 

Yu Zhuo Yi let out a sigh of relief and looked out the window, quickly realizing this was not a route he recognized. 

“Sister, are we going to…?” he started. 

“What's wrong? Are you scared? Don’t worry, I won’t sell you off,” she replied with a playful smirk. 

“That’s not what I meant! I trust you; you wouldn’t do that,” he said quickly. 

Yan Xin thought to herself: Wouldn't I? Maybe, but her feelings for the little cutie were a bit complicated. It wasn’t exactly love, but she felt an instinctive urge to possess him. 

“We’re going to the market. I’m going to buy some groceries and then take you to my place to cook for you.” 

“Awesome, sister! Finally, I get to eat the food you personally make!” Yu Zhuo Yi exclaimed with excitement. Little did he know how jealous he had been when watching her cook for others during her live streams. 

Once they arrived at the market, Yan Xin parked the car and took Yu Zhuo Yi’s hand, leading him through the bustling vegetable market like any other couple. 

Standing together, they looked like a perfect match, drawing the attention of many passersby. 

Inside the market, Yan Xin began selecting the vegetables Yu Zhuo Yi liked, while he helped her by carrying some, although most of the groceries ended up in her hands. 

He tried to take the vegetables from her, but she wouldn’t let him. 

“No way! You look way too delicate; I can’t let you handle these things! What if you bump into something and end up crying?” she chuckled. 

Before long, Yan Xin had gathered all the ingredients she needed. 

They left the market and drove home. 

As they entered the neighborhood, Yan Xin parked in front of a villa. She asked Yu Zhuo Yi to get out first while she parked the car in the garage. 

Once she parked, Yan Xin used her fingerprint to unlock the door, also recording Yu Zhuo Yi’s fingerprint for access. 

She pulled out a pair of new pink slippers for him to wear. 

Unfortunately, she didn’t have any boys' slippers here, so he had to settle for the girly ones. 

Seeing the cute pink slippers, Yu Zhuo Yi hesitated at first. But then he realized that if there were no boys' slippers, it meant no other men had been to her place, which made him happy enough to slip into the pink slippers. 

Hmm, he thought, he looked pretty cute in them. Maybe he should consider buying more pink items to keep here for himself. But then again, he wasn’t sure if he liked pink. It was better to stick with other colors. 

Unbeknownst to him, he had narrowly avoided a pink-related disaster. 

As he observed his sister’s house, he noted that the decor was in cool tones, just like her personality. 

“Sit on the sofa and watch some TV while I cook,” she instructed. 

“Wait, I want to help!” he protested. 

“No need! I can handle it, and you probably can’t cook anyway.” 

“Uh, well, fine then.” 

He had no choice; he really didn’t know how to cook, so he settled down to watch TV while his sister headed into the kitchen.