Chapter 52: He Had Planned to Make Her Breakfast

The next morning, at 7:15 a.m., Yu Zhuyi opened his sleepy eyes. Rubbing his messy hair and stretching lazily, he yawned, thinking that it was still early and his sister probably hadn't woken up yet. He had intended to get up and make her a heartfelt breakfast, and with that thought in mind, he rolled out of bed.

In the guest bathroom, there were new toothbrushes and toothpaste—items the previous owner had prepared for guests. Each guest room was stocked with these daily necessities, which, although not extensive, were more than enough for basic needs.

Yu Zhuyi hastily brushed his teeth and splashed some water on his face. By the time he glanced at the clock, it was already 7:25. Feeling a bit annoyed at his delay, he dashed downstairs like lightning.

As he reached the first floor and entered the living room, he heard sounds coming from the kitchen. Turning his gaze toward the kitchen, he spotted a graceful figure moving about. He found it hard to believe that his sister was already up and about at such an early hour.

Yu Zhuyi walked to the kitchen door and called out in a slightly hoarse voice from just waking up, "Good morning, sister! How come you're up so early?"

Yan Xinfei turned around to look at her adorable brother, and Yu Zhuyi couldn't help but notice how even more enchanting she appeared this morning. Perhaps it was because she had just woken up; her eyes sparkled with a hint of sleepiness that only added to her charm.

Yu Zhuyi felt an uncontrollable flutter in his heart—“thump, thump, thump”—he could almost hear the rapid beating of his own heart. Fearing that his sister might notice how fast it was racing, he instinctively placed his right hand over his chest, as if that would muffle the sound.

His already fair complexion turned even redder. 

Seeing her little brother looking so delectable, Yan Xinfei swallowed hard, but then noticed him clutching his chest, a look of concern crossing her face. 

"Are you okay? Do you feel unwell? Should I take you to the hospital?" 

His sister's worried tone made him feel a bit embarrassed, and he quickly dropped his hand. 

Feeling shy, he replied, "I'm fine, really, sister."

She looked at him quizzically and asked, "Then why were you holding your chest?"

Yu Zhuyi's face turned crimson as he scrambled for an excuse. "I... I just wanted to feel the frequency of my heartbeat," he said, nodding earnestly as if that made perfect sense.

Yan Xinfei found it hard to believe that was the real reason. But as she caught the way he was avoiding her gaze, everything clicked into place. 

Oh, so he’s just shy.

Wanting to tease him a bit more, she was interrupted by his next words.

"Sister, hurry and make breakfast! I think I’m a little hungry," he paused before adding, "I’m really hungry, sister."

Upon hearing that, Yan Xinfei stopped teasing and focused on preparing breakfast, directing her little brother to sit on the couch and wait.

Yu Zhuyi hurriedly stepped out of her line of sight. Once he settled on the sofa, he let out a sigh of relief. 

It wasn't his fault for wanting to escape; his sister’s gaze was simply too intense for him to handle.

Sitting there, Yu Zhuyi felt a bit lost, his eyes darting around the room. His cheeks were still flushed, and he unconsciously bit his lip, his hands pressed tightly against his thighs, looking every bit the picture of shyness.

Just when he finally managed to calm his racing heart, Yan Xinfei emerged from the kitchen carrying two plates of breakfast.

Yu Zhuyi immediately stood up to help with the breakfast.

Yan Xinfei had prepared a simple meal: milk and sandwiches.

Taking a delicate bite of the sandwich, Yu Zhuyi's eyes lit up; it was truly a feast for the taste buds.

"This breakfast is so good, sister!" he exclaimed, his mouth still full of food as he complimented Yan Xinfei.

He hadn’t expected such simple fare to be so delicious. If only he could enjoy this every day.

"I'm glad you like it," Yan Xinfei said, a smile playing on her lips.

Soon, she finished her breakfast while Yu Zhuyi savored the last bite of his sandwich. 

After finishing, he took a sip of milk, accidentally leaving a small milk stain on his lips.

Yan Xinfei's gaze fixed on his rosy lips, her expression darkening momentarily.

Then, she watched as her little brother extended his pink tongue to lick the milk off the corner of his mouth.

Without warning, she stood up and headed toward him.

Yu Zhuyi looked at his sister in confusion, unsure why she was suddenly approaching him.

...

(Continued...)