**Chapter 53: Sending Him Back to School**

Yanshin raised his head with her right hand, then extended her left hand, gently rubbing her fingers over his rosy lips. 

With her eyes locked onto his mouth, she said, “You’ve got a bit of milk on the corner of your lips. Let me help you clean it off.”

However, Yuzhu waited for quite a while without feeling her hand drop. The wolfish glint in Yanshin's eyes made him hesitant to urge her to stop; he feared that something… undesirable might happen.

As time passed, Yuzhu’s lips grew increasingly red.

Finally, just as Yuzhu’s lips seemed like they might bleed from the intensity of the moment, Yanshin withdrew her hand.

He was about to let out a breath of relief when, unexpectedly, Yanshin leaned down, cradling the back of his head with her right hand and lifting his chin with her left, before suddenly kissing him.

Yuzhu stared dazedly at her face, which was now magnified before him. Their faces were so close that he could see the fine hairs on her cheeks and smell the faint fragrance emanating from her. Unable to contain himself, he instinctively responded to Yanshin’s kiss.

Yanshin paused and breathlessly instructed, “Close your eyes, okay?” before kissing him again.

Yuzhu obediently shut his eyes, feeling the heat of her breath brushing against his face, making him shiver slightly.

In the moments that followed, she no longer held the back of his head, but instead embraced him tightly, her warm hands gliding over his back.

Even through his clothing, he could feel the heat radiating from Yanshin’s hands.

From a distance, the scene unfolding in the living room looked like a beautiful oil painting, drawing anyone who witnessed it into its captivating realm.

After their kiss, Yanshin tightly wrapped her arms around his waist, burying her face in his neck, her warm breath fanning against Yuzhu’s skin.

He couldn't help but shrink back, but Yanshin pulled him closer again.

Yuzhu was almost breathless, his eyes glistening with unshed tears as he looked at Yanshin, leaning softly against her, exuding an aura of vulnerability that would tug at anyone's heartstrings.

With her eyes closed, Yanshin rested against his neck, and Yuzhu thought she might let him go soon.

But suddenly, Yanshin brushed her lips against Yuzhu’s earlobe.

Yuzhu felt a warm sensation as she softly nibbled on his ear, instinctively wanting to pull away, but Yanshin held him firmly in place, refusing to let him escape.

His face and neck flushed crimson, his eyes misty as he clutched the hem of her shirt tightly.

Then, unable to hold back any longer, Yuzhu let out a soft moan, startled, he raised his hands to cover his mouth.

Just as he felt he might push Yanshin away in a panic, she finally released him.

She chuckled softly, a sound that sent shivers through him, before letting go.

With a hint of accusation in his gaze, Yuzhu looked at Yanshin.

Once he regained his composure, Yanshin invited him to sit on her lap, then picked up a glass of milk to feed him.

Watching Yuzhu sip the milk in small, kitten-like gulps, her eyes turned dangerously playful.

Feeling the threat in her gaze, Yuzhu couldn't help but give her a glare.

Yanshin didn’t make any overt moves, content to simply feed him the milk.

When he finished, she asked, “Do you have any classes today? I can drop you off at school.”

Yuzhu thought for a moment and remembered there was indeed a class with a professor he had to attend, as per their school’s requirements.

Although he didn’t want to part ways with her just yet, he nodded.

Then he reconsidered; going to school might not be so bad after all—at least it wouldn’t be like what just happened…

Yanshin headed to the garage and pulled out a sleek gray Aston Martin sports car to take her little darling back to school.

After arriving at the school gate, Yuzhu tried to open the door to get out, only to find it wouldn’t budge. He looked at Yanshin, puzzled.

She remained silent, simply watching him.

In that moment, Yuzhu suddenly understood. He quickly pecked her cheek and then opened the door.

Yanshin was left wanting more, but seeing his startled expression, she decided to let it slide for now.

Once Yuzhu successfully opened the door, he eagerly hopped out and made his way toward the school entrance.

With a smile playing on her lips, Yanshin watched him walk away until he disappeared from view before she drove off.