**Chapter 55: Are You Serious?**

Zhao Min noticed the smug look on Yu Zhu Yi's face and teased, "Hey, Yu, you aren't being played, are you? Didn't Yan Xin Fei have a thing for Lu Xiu Ming before?"

Chao Yi Xiu pulled on Zhao Min's arm, signaling him to stop talking like that. Although he was also worried that Yu Zhu Yi might get deceived by Yan Xin Fei, he felt that from what he had seen of her last time, she didn’t seem like that kind of person. Plus, seeing Yu Zhu Yi so smitten with love made him think that speaking ill of their relationship wouldn't do any good. He believed Yu Zhu Yi wouldn't be so easily fooled.

Hearing Zhao Min's words, Yu Zhu Yi kicked him playfully and laughed, "Get lost! There's no way I could be tricked by anyone! Besides, what could she possibly fool me about? Money? Looks? Honestly, I’d be thrilled if she was after my money and good looks!"

Indeed, Yu Zhu Yi thought that if Yan Xin Fei was truly after his wealth and appearance, she wouldn’t easily break up with him or leave him. At the very least, he could always use his money and charm to keep her by his side.

Anyone with eyes could see how genuinely Yu Zhu Yi cared for Yan Xin Fei. But there was Zhao Min, the big fool, who after being kicked a few times, still didn’t take the hint. He continued, “Come on, Yu, what if Yan Xin Fei is just using you to make Lu Xiu Ming jealous? And once Lu Xiu Ming comes back around, she dumps you? That’s definitely a possibility!”

Zhao Min felt like his analysis was spot on, nodding his head as he spoke. 

Chao Yi Xiu couldn’t help but cover his face at Zhao Min's antics. 

Yu Zhu Yi couldn't listen anymore and threw a punch at Zhao Min. Though it wasn't particularly strong, it made Zhao Min yelp in surprise. After landing the hit, Yu Zhu Yi finally found some peace as Zhao Min stopped his nonsense.

At that moment, Yu Zhu Yi began to explain, “Yan isn’t that kind of person. From what I know, she wouldn’t go for Lu Xiu Ming. You guys can relax. I’ll find a time to introduce you to her. And remember, you have to call her ‘Sister’—it’s rude to use her full name.”

Zhao Min rubbed his sore spot from the punch and nodded begrudgingly. 

Chao Yi Xiu softly agreed and then asked Yu Zhu Yi where he had been last night since he hadn’t responded to their messages. 

“Oh, I was with Yan last night! She even took me to her home and cooked for me! Her cooking is amazing, way better than those hotel chefs!” Yu Zhu Yi said, his cheeks slightly flushed, boasting with pride.

Zhao Min’s eyes widened in shock. “Wait, wait, wait! You guys have only been together for a short while! She took you home? You didn’t—sleep together, did you?”

Chao Yi Xiu also looked at Yu Zhu Yi with a puzzled expression.

Yu Zhu Yi’s ears turned red, and he couldn't help but laugh while scolding, “What are you guys thinking? Is she really that easy?”

“No, we’re just looking out for you! We’re worried you might get hurt,” Zhao Min replied.

“I’d like that, but it depends on whether she’s interested!” Yu Zhu Yi said a bit bashfully.

Zhao Min stared at Yu Zhu Yi in disbelief, even reaching out to poke his forehead. “You’re not running a fever, are you? How could you say something like that? We should probably get you checked out at the hospital.”

Yu Zhu Yi swatted Zhao Min’s hand away. “What nonsense are you talking about? You’re the one who’s sick; I’m being sincere!”

“Her charm must be incredible if you’re really into her, huh?” Zhao Min said, astonished.

“Of course! Do you think I’d fake having feelings for someone? Now, aren’t we supposed to go listen to that professor’s lecture? Let’s hurry!” 

“Oh man, I almost forgot! That professor is super strict and stubborn. Not only does he take attendance, but he even compares our photos to make sure they match the names!” 

As Zhao Min complained, they made their way to class.