Chapter 58: Almost Got My Salary Docked Because of Phone Play

After Yu Zhuyi drove to the market to buy some groceries, he returned to his apartment near the school to cook. Unfortunately, Yu Zhuyi was not exactly a culinary whiz, so he pulled out his phone and searched for cooking tutorials online. 

He stumbled upon a seemingly simple recipe for braised pork ribs. The online guide stated: Prepare 500 grams of pork spare ribs, along with the following ingredients: 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons of cooking wine, 6 slices of ginger, 3 sections of scallions, 1 green onion, 3 bay leaves, 1 star anise, 10 pieces of rock sugar, 1/2 teaspoon of salt, 1 teaspoon of white sugar, 2 tablespoons of light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon of dark soy sauce, and 2 dried red chilies.

However, Yu Zhuyi had no idea how much 500 grams really was, but he thought, “No big deal! I’ll just estimate.” He then read the next steps: First, soak the ribs in cold water for 5 minutes, then rinse them a few times to remove the blood.

“Step 2: Place the ribs in a pot of cold water, adding the cooking wine and ginger slices. Once it boils, blanch for 1 minute. Starting with cold water helps draw out the blood better, eliminating the strong smell and killing any bacteria.”

“Step 3: Remove the ribs, rinse them under cold water again, and let them drain. Rinsing with cold water makes the meat firmer and more elastic.”

Yu Zhuyi paused the video, following the steps diligently to prepare the ingredients. Initially, he thought cooking seemed easy, but once he got started, he quickly realized the complexities involved. Despite feeling overwhelmed by the process, he pushed through, determined to make a meal for his sister.

After nearly eighteen minutes of prepping, he clicked the play button again to continue with the tutorial. The next instruction was to heat the wok, add vegetable oil, then toss in the rock sugar. “Make sure to use low heat and stir constantly. If the heat is too high, it’ll burn. Using rock sugar instead of granulated sugar gives a better color and taste.”

He followed the video’s instructions and added the ribs. However, since he didn’t have rock sugar, he substituted it with white sugar. In a moment of confusion, he mistakenly added salt instead of sugar. 

Finally, he turned up the heat to bring it to a boil, then reduced it to simmer for about 30 minutes, stirring twice along the way. He sat patiently, counting down the minutes until he could add the salt and oil.

When he checked the time, he realized it was already nearly noon. Given that it would take him about 30 minutes to drive to his sister’s office, he quickly tasted his creation. The flavor hit him like a tidal wave—too salty! 

With no time to start over, he remembered a trick from his childhood: soaking the dish in hot water might just save it. He recalled a time when a dish was overly salty, and soaking it in hot water made it palatable. 

Without hesitation, he plunged into action. Five minutes later, he sampled it again and thought, “Not bad, actually!” He packed the food into a thermal container and scooped out a bowl of rice before racing out the door.

He managed to cut the drive time to his sister’s company down to twenty minutes. Once he parked, he took the thermal container and headed inside.

At the reception desk, the receptionist, Ling Yun, was engrossed in her phone. 

“Hey everyone, I have some shocking news!” she exclaimed. “The president just told me that a guy is coming over, and she wants me to let him in directly!”

“Wait, what? The president can’t be dating someone outside the company, right? Isn’t she surrounded by our beautiful coworkers?” Xiao Zhang from the finance department chimed in, sounding crestfallen.

“You wouldn’t dare say that in front of the president, would you?” Xiao He from administration shot back.

“Of course not!” Xiao Zhang replied quickly.

“Wow, our president must really be something special to attract so much attention,” Lu, the tech department’s beauty, sighed.

“Wah, wah, wah! Does that mean our president isn’t ours anymore?” Liu Xiao from HR lamented.

“Ling Yun, do you know which little vixen is stealing our president away?” Zhu Xiao from procurement asked.

Just then, Yu Zhuyi approached the front desk and tapped lightly on the surface. “Hi, I’m here to see the president.”

Ling Yun looked up, her eyes widening as she noticed a handsome young man before her. “Do you have an appointment?” she asked politely.

“No,” Yu Zhuyi paused, “but the president mentioned I could just tell you to let me in.”

Ling Yun was momentarily taken aback but maintained her professional smile. “Alright, please go ahead.”

As Yu Zhuyi walked past her, Ling Yun found herself lost in thought. She hadn’t expected the guy the president mentioned to be this young—he looked like he was still in school! Could it be that the president had a thing for younger guys?

She lowered her head, ready to share the news in her group chat.

“I saw him! I saw him! That guy looks so young, like he’s still in college!” she typed.

“Do you have a picture? Do you have a picture?” came the replies from the tech department.

“Yeah, we want a photo, hurry!” echoed the finance team.

Suddenly, she realized that she had been so mesmerized by his presence that she forgot to snap a picture. 

“Oh no! I forgot to take a photo!” she typed back.

At that moment, the supervising director strolled by, catching her off-guard. “You’re on your phone at work? Focus, or I’ll dock your pay!”

Startled, she almost dropped her phone. Quickly, she locked the screen and sat up straight to appear busy.

As the director left, Ling Yun exhaled a sigh of relief. She grabbed her phone again and rapidly typed, “ALERT! ALERT! The director is doing rounds!”

Once she sent the message, she forced herself to concentrate on her work because the last thing she wanted was to lose her salary over texting during work hours.