**Chapter Sixty-One: I Like My Sister More**

Yan Xinfei wrapped her arms around the little cutie as they stepped out of the office. The elevator ride from the top floor to the first was filled with company employees, and they encountered quite a few along the way.

“Good afternoon, President,” one employee greeted. After a moment's pause, they glanced sideways at the little cutie and added, “Good afternoon, Mrs. President.”

The little cutie was taken aback! What the heck? Mrs. President? He was clearly a boy!!!

Hearing the employees refer to him as Mrs. President made him shyly bury his face in Yan Xinfei's embrace. 

With a light chuckle, Yan Xinfei nodded back at the employees, thinking to herself: Not bad, not bad. They have good insight; I should recommend a salary increase for the finance department.

As the employees saw the President smiling, they quickly caught on to the vibe. One by one, they stepped forward to greet her, adding, “Good afternoon, Mrs. President,” as if it were the most natural thing in the world.

To their surprise, the President seemed to be even more cheerful. They could hardly believe it! After working alongside her for so long, had they ever seen her smile? She was always the picture of cold elegance. But today? Today she was smiling! This was truly a rare sight!

Sure enough, women in love were different.

The little cutie nestled against Yan Xinfei like a quail, trying to hide his embarrassment. Seeing the little one so bashful made Yan Xinfei hesitant to tease him further. She didn’t want to accidentally cross a line; that wouldn’t be good.

So, she gestured for the surrounding staff to get back to work. Once they dispersed, Yan Xinfei lowered her head to look at the little cutie in her arms.

“What’s wrong? Is it not okay for them to call you Mrs. President? Do you want them to call some other guy that instead?”

Upon hearing this, the little cutie immediately panicked. He looked up, his cheeks flushed, tears welling in his eyes as he gazed at Yan Xinfei. 

“No way, sis! They can’t call any other man that—only me!”

“Really? Then why were you so shy just now? I thought you didn’t want them to call you Mrs. President,” she teased.

“But sis, I’m a boy! Shouldn’t they call me...”

Yu Zhuyi asked shyly, trailing off.

“Isn’t that right? I’m the president, and you’re my boyfriend, so why wouldn’t they call you Mrs. President? I mean, they could call you Mr. President, but that’s not as fun, is it?”

“Forget it, forget it. Just call me whatever; it doesn’t matter as long as I’m the only one!” the little cutie finally gave in, exasperated.

“Alright, alright. Next time, I’ll tell them not to call you Mrs. President in front of you. But if they call you that behind your back, well, that’s a different story,” Yan Xinfei reassured him, though she kept the last part to herself.

“Really, sis?” Yu Zhuyi looked up at her with puppy eyes, full of hope.

“Of course! Would I lie to you?”

“Okay, I believe you. So, can we go eat now?” Yu Zhuyi’s face lit up with joy.

“Sure.”

…………………

“By the way, what do you want to eat?” Yan Xinfei asked as they walked.

“Sis, I want to eat the street food from the snack street. Is that okay?” Yu Zhuyi’s voice trailed off. He thought someone like her wouldn’t want to eat street food; after all, didn’t people like her always dine in fancy hotels?

Feeling a bit downcast, he quickly forced a smile, saying, “It’s fine; I wouldn’t want to impose on you. Let’s just go to a hotel instead.”

Yan Xinfei couldn’t bear to see him so gloomy, especially since it was just street food. Hadn’t she experienced so much worse during the apocalypse? After two long years of survival, food had become a rare treasure, and she often had to settle for packaged rations.

“There’s nothing to feel disappointed about. If you want to go, let’s go! Besides, I actually enjoy those snacks too,” she said softly.

Yu Zhuyi's eyes lit up in surprise. “Wow, sis! I didn’t know you liked street food! I thought someone like you—being a president and all—would never go to places like that!”

“There’s nothing wrong with those places; they have good food. Just because some stalls are on the street and others are in hotels doesn’t mean one is better than the other. They’re all just serving delicious meals,” she explained.

Yu Zhuyi gazed at her with bright, sparkling eyes like stars in the night sky, shimmering beautifully. 

He felt he understood his sister a little better now. She was truly special, and he liked her even more!