**Chapter 72: Entering the Haunted House**

With a gentle push, Yvonne Heart opened the small door leading into the haunted house. 

As soon as she swung the door open, a chilling gust of wind rushed out to greet them. 

Without a hint of surprise, Kevin Yu shivered involuntarily, wrapping his arms around himself as he stood close to Yvonne. Inside, he kept muttering to himself for courage, *I can’t be scared. I have to protect my sister!*

Yvonne couldn’t help but chuckle at her adorable little brother's reaction. 

Kevin had never been to an amusement park before. Unlike his peers, he had matured early and taken on more responsibilities. As a child, he often envied other kids whose parents brought them to places like this, while he was stuck in endless tutoring classes. As he grew older, that envy faded, but a lingering sense of regret still tugged at his heart.

When the staff inside the haunted house noticed the strikingly handsome couple enter, it was as if they understood that it was time for business to pick up. They expertly donned their ghostly costumes, ready to frighten the unsuspecting visitors.

Usually, in such scenarios, the girls would squeal in terror and leap into their boyfriends' arms, which would only serve to deepen their romantic connection. But this time, the actors playing ghosts were in for a surprise. The girl was expressionless, observing them with a calm demeanor, while the boy trembled beside her, tightly shutting his eyes.

Yvonne reached over and took Kevin’s hand, her voice soothing as she said, “Don’t be scared. See? They’ve already moved on. Open your eyes and take a look.”

At her words, Kevin hesitantly opened his eyes, but in the next instant, he saw something dark and ominous drop from above.

He was desperate not to see it clearly, yet his mind registered every horrifying detail: long, disheveled hair, a pale face, blood dripping from the mouth, and eyes streaming with crimson. It seemed to lunge directly at him.

In sheer terror, Kevin dove into Yvonne's embrace.

Yvonne, satisfied with his reaction, wrapped her arms around him. But soon, she noticed something was off. Kevin’s hands and feet were cold as ice, and his body felt unnaturally stiff.

Concerned, she leaned down to comfort her frightened brother. “It’s okay, sweetie. Look, I chased them away.”

Unfortunately, her calming words didn’t seem to work as much as she hoped. 

Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted one of the “ghosts” lingering nearby, and her annoyance flared. She marched over and punched him hard, sending him sprawling to the ground. “Get lost!”

The actor, stunned and in tears, scrambled away, mentally lamenting, *This is too tough! Who knew scaring guests would lead to getting punched? I’m just here for a paycheck!*

Yvonne shot a cold glare at the remaining “ghosts” watching from a distance. They felt the weight of her stare and stood frozen in place, too frightened to move. Only when she turned away did they scurry off, murmuring about how difficult it was to be a ghost.

Once the staff had fled, Yvonne returned to her brother, lowering her voice to a coaxing whisper. “See? I took care of them. They won't bother you anymore. You’re safe.”

After a few minutes of reassurance, Kevin’s body began to warm up, and he slowly lifted his head. Tears glistened in his eyes as he pouted, “Sister, they were so mean! They looked so ugly and tried to scare me!”

If the disgruntled staff members had heard his complaint, they would have retorted that they were the ones wronged, just trying to earn a meager wage by playing their part in the haunted house. But now, faced with such a couple, they had to run for their lives.

With gentle hands, Yvonne wiped the tears from Kevin's cheeks. 

“Yeah, it’s definitely their fault for scaring you. But don’t worry; I chased them all away.”

“Big sister, you’re the best!” Kevin said, rubbing his cheek against her palm affectionately.

“Shall we continue?” 

“Yes, let’s go!”

What followed was an unusual spectacle within the haunted house. While other couples were shrieking and hiding from the actors, Yvonne and Kevin faced any ghost that dared approach them with a swift punch from Yvonne.

Staff members quickly learned to avoid this particular couple, opting instead to scare other visitors who were more susceptible to fright. They found success in their terror tactics elsewhere, eliciting screams of fear and laughter.

It seemed this was the right way to enjoy a haunted house. 

Kevin navigated through the haunted house without further incident, escaping any more terrifying “ghosts.” As Yvonne and Kevin finally exited, the actors let out a collective sigh of relief, grateful to return to their usual antics with the other couples.