Thank goodness he doesn't speak German.

Chao Yixiu noticed Zhaomin's relaxed expression and couldn't help but chuckle softly. Once they got into the car, Chao Yixiu leaned over to fasten Zhaomin's seatbelt. Probably because he leaned in so close, Zhaomin held his breath, feeling a little nervous.

Chao Yixiu noticed the tension in Zhaomin and the playful smile on his face faded in an instant. He stopped teasing him and focused on driving after securing the seatbelt.

As Zhaomin realized that Chao Yixiu was fastening his seatbelt specifically for him, he felt a bit annoyed with himself. What was he thinking earlier? Clearly, Chao Yixiu was just being a good friend, so why did he feel his heart race for just a moment when Chao Yixiu leaned in? Was it because he hadn't dated anyone in a while? No way! He needed to find a girlfriend when he had the time… He definitely couldn't have those kinds of thoughts about his best buddy, right? He hadn’t noticed such feelings before…

Chao Yixiu was completely oblivious to Zhaomin's inner turmoil. Though this was the reaction he had hoped for, it didn’t mean he wanted Zhaomin to chase after other women.

If Chao Yixiu knew what Zhaomin was thinking, he would immediately try to dissuade him from such a dangerous line of thought. Because, yes, it was a dangerous thought! What if Zhaomin found another woman and realized that he actually liked her? What then? Could he really just let go and wish them well? Absolutely not! He wasn't that magnanimous.

Of course, Chao Yixiu had no idea, and he was still basking in the joy of the close moment he shared with Zhaomin earlier that evening.

Chao Yixiu took Zhaomin to a German restaurant: "Gay Dating ist ein heiliges Land" (A Sacred Land for Gay Dating).

When Zhaomin saw the name of the restaurant, he was puzzled because he didn’t recognize the German words. He tugged at Chao Yixiu's sleeve and whispered, “Yixiu, what does this mean?”

Hearing the question, Chao Yixiu felt a rush of nerves. Even though he knew Zhaomin didn’t speak German, he still felt apprehensive. He feigned nonchalance, replying, “What?”

Zhaomin, thinking Chao Yixiu also didn’t know, shrugged it off. “Oh, you don’t know either? No worries, I was just curious. Let’s head in.”

Chao Yixiu didn't clarify the beautiful misunderstanding and led Zhaomin into the restaurant, keeping a comfortable distance between them.

Once inside, Zhaomin noticed that nearly all the diners were men dining together, and he sensed that something felt a bit different from the usual—oh, what was it called? It seemed like couples were out on dates. But he figured he was overthinking it; surely, all the guys here were just good friends, right? Just like he and Chao Yixiu.

Chao Yixiu, the good buddy, found them a vacant table, and soon a waiter approached to take their order. Knowing that Zhaomin couldn’t speak German, Chao Yixiu volunteered to order Zhaomin's favorite dishes.

Zhaomin was taken aback that Chao Yixiu could speak German so fluently.

He noticed the waiter glancing over at him several times. At first, he thought he might have done something rude, but it quickly became clear that wasn’t the case, as the waiter was chatting happily with Chao Yixiu.

“Ihr habt euch gerade getroffen, oder?” (You two just got together, right?)

“Oh, wie konntest du das sagen?” (Oh, how could you say that?)

“Es fühlt sich an, als wären wir gerade zusammen.” (It feels like you two are just together.)

“Nein, ich war noch nicht bei ihm.” (No, I’m not together with him yet.)

The waiter smiled apologetically at Zhaomin. “Tut mir leid, aber ich bin sicher, Sie werden bald bei ihm sein.” (I’m sorry, but I’m sure you’ll be with him soon. You both really seem to match well.)

“Danke.” (Thank you.)

“Stör dich nicht, iss gut.” (Don’t let me interrupt, enjoy your meal.)

Once the waiter left, Zhaomin couldn’t help but ask, “Yixiu, were you two just talking about me?”

Chao Yixiu’s heart raced, but he kept a calm facade. “Why do you ask? Did you understand?”

“What do you mean? Even though I don’t speak it, I noticed the waiter was looking at me a lot!”

Zhaomin puffed up like a little cat, feeling a bit offended, thinking Chao Yixiu might be looking down on him.

Hearing that Zhaomin didn’t understand, Chao Yixiu relaxed. “It’s nothing much; the waiter was just complimenting your looks.”

Zhaomin immediately perked up. “Of course! I am good-looking! I don't need you to tell me that. The waiter certainly has good taste.”

Chao Yixiu nodded in agreement.

“Yixiu, how about you teach me German starting tomorrow? It’s just not fair that you know it! When I asked what it meant at the entrance, you acted like you didn’t know! No way, you have to teach me.”

“I didn’t say I didn’t know! So, are you really going to learn German?”

Thinking back, Zhaomin realized Chao Yixiu had been asking him something, clearly showing he wasn’t clueless about it. Well, fine.

“Of course, I’m going to learn!”

“But are you really going to be able to keep up with it?”

“What, you don’t believe I can do it? Of course, I can!” Zhaomin was getting worked up.

“Alright then, we’ll start tomorrow, but I have to warn you—you can’t slack off, or I’ll be disappointed!”

“Of course not!”

Chao Yixiu felt a surge of happiness at Zhaomin's enthusiastic response, realizing this meant they would have more time to spend together alone. His little tactic had worked! He knew that if he hadn’t pushed Zhaomin a bit, the moment they hit a snag in learning German, Zhaomin would probably give up.

And so, a new chapter in their friendship began, full of potential and unspoken feelings.