She had regained her magic.

After dinner, Ethan Zhao accompanied Mia Zhao back to her home. Mia felt a bit strange inside, wondering why a big man would walk another big man home. Wasn't it usually boyfriends who walked their girlfriends back? Ugh, what was she even thinking? 

Mia shook her head to clear her thoughts.

---

After finishing dinner, Lucas Chen also walked Qianwen Shi home. Once back in her apartment, Qianwen hurriedly called out to the system in her mind.

"System, system, are you there?"

Finally, the system responded.

"Host, is there anything I can assist you with?"

Qianwen let out a quiet sigh of relief. "System, I want to exchange for my old spells."

"Host, do you wish to use your faith points to exchange for the spells you once had?"

"Yes."

"The system is currently checking…"

Qianwen waited anxiously for the system's response.

"Apologies, host, but your current faith points are insufficient to exchange for your old spells."

"Can I exchange for just half of the spells?" Qianwen asked, a hint of urgency creeping into her voice.

"The system is checking…"

…

"After evaluation, host, your current faith points are still not enough to exchange for even half of the spells."

"Is it really impossible? Can the system allow me to owe the faith points?"

… After a long pause…

"Yes, host. Do you want to use borrowed faith points to exchange for half of the spells now?"

"Yes, right now!"

Qianwen answered eagerly, desperate to regain her old spells. She believed that if she could get her magic back, she could change her current predicament.

Although she had gained some popularity, it was a negative kind of fame. Moreover, she felt that Lucas was useless—today at the amusement park, he had even been knocked down by Yan Xinfei.

"However, host, you should know that if you use borrowed faith points to exchange for spells, you will need to repay the owed faith points quickly. Otherwise, the consequences could be dire."

At this moment, Qianwen was only focused on getting back her old spells. She didn't care about the potential consequences of not repaying the faith points.

"You…"

The system tried to say more but was cut off by Qianwen.

In the future, when Qianwen looked back on the decision she made today, she would definitely regret it: If only she hadn’t…

But clearly, Qianwen lacked foresight. She only saw the immediate benefits and was blinded by joy, unaware that things obtained without effort would ultimately require a price.

"System, hurry up, I want to exchange now!"

"Okay."

A few minutes later, Qianwen felt a surge of power coursing through her. She tried to use her spells as she had before.

Sure enough, her magic had returned. She looked at the smoky substance in her palm, thrilled. Although the power of her magic was only half of what it used to be, she felt it was sufficient to deal with anyone in this world.

After a long while, Qianwen suddenly remembered the system’s recent oddities.

"System, what’s been going on with you lately?"

"Nothing much, just upgrading."

The system's tone carried a hint of unease.

However, Qianwen was too caught up in her excitement to notice the oddity in the system’s voice.

"That’s good."

"Host, I have other matters to attend to, so I’ll take my leave."

The system breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing that Qianwen didn’t press further on the subject.

In reality, a few days ago, the system had been suddenly attacked by a powerful force, feeling itself damaged and forced into a state of dormancy.

But it couldn’t tell the host about this. What if she…

Besides, if it really faced danger, it would abandon this host without hesitation. It didn’t lack for hosts; it could easily find a new replacement.

Moreover, it didn’t have much emotional attachment to Qianwen. It was just a cold, mechanical being.

Qianwen didn’t think too much about the system’s departure. After all, they were just in a cooperative relationship…

Now, Qianwen was daydreaming about having her magic back—wouldn’t that mean the world would revolve around her?

She would make those who looked down on her pay for their judgments.

Especially Yan Xinfei. Despite being rich, she still tried to cozy up to Lucas. 

That scummy Lucas, too! When Yan Xinfei was trailing behind him, he had acted aloof. Now…

Qianwen didn’t know if it was one of Yan Xinfei’s new tricks.

At this point, she no longer relied on Lucas. Men were incredibly unreliable. But unless absolutely necessary, she wouldn’t completely sever ties with him.

If Yan Xinfei knew about Qianwen’s unfounded hatred for her, she would surely douse Qianwen with a bucket of cold water, waking her up to reality. What did it mean to chase after a scummy male lead? Had Qianwen ever pursued that scummy male lead? She didn’t even consider him worth her time. Only Qianwen thought that the scummy male lead was a treasure; to her, he was nothing but trash.

Besides, her wealth was earned through her own hard work, not something that fell from the sky. Clearly, some people are foolish for a reason.