**Chapter Ninety-Three: He Will Be My Partner**

With the reactions of those around him, Adam Song felt as if a cloud of green jealousy hovered above his head, his anger turning his face a shade of green as well.

He marched over with a scowl, standing defiantly in front of Serena Zhou.

Wen Qingzhi, noticing that Adam had walked away, felt a twinge of anger but quickly followed after him.

“Oh~ wow~ What’s got Wen Qingzhi all riled up? She’s already claimed Adam as her own, feeling like something precious of hers is being coveted by someone else. But she forgets that Serena isn’t interested in her so-called possession. (ˉ▽￣～) Hmph~~”

Adam confronted Serena with a tone reminiscent of a betrayed boyfriend. “So this is the guy you brought? You haven’t come looking for me in ages, and you’re with someone like him? Are you that desperate for company? Or is this some sort of game to make me jealous? Hmph, if you come back to me now, I can choose to forget the past.”

In the back of his mind, he couldn’t shake off the disbelief that Serena could ever truly move on. Deep down, he believed she wouldn’t so easily declare she didn’t like him anymore, especially considering their history…

Yet, a flicker of fear crept in. What if it was true? What if she really didn’t like him anymore? If that were the case…

Moreover, his secret plans hadn’t even been executed yet. If he let things go on like this…

His plans would become increasingly difficult to implement, and he would lose so much, including the chance to acquire shares in the Zhou family company.

No, he couldn’t allow that. He had planned for this for so long—ever since he first met Serena two years ago, he had been plotting how to secure those shares. Now, he was so close to achieving it, just a little more to go. He had earned Serena’s trust, all he needed was…

And yet, now…

Panic flashed across his face.

Serena regarded the drama playing out before her with an amused expression, watching the jealous Adam perform.

Yuzhu Yi felt fury rising within him at Adam’s words, his face turning red like an inflated pufferfish.

He wanted to snap back, but then realized he was here as Serena’s partner. If he caused trouble for her, that wouldn’t be good at all. He could only glare at Adam with his doe-like eyes, filled with ire.

Adam sensed the piercing glare that felt almost tangible, causing his body to involuntarily shiver.

Suddenly, he recalled that he had been removed from the upper tier of their social circle last time, likely at the hands of this very person before him.

He felt a wave of fear wash over him, wanting to retreat. But then he thought about how Serena was right there; this pretty boy wouldn’t dare confront him directly, would he?

Besides, Serena used to have feelings for him, after all.

With that thought, he instinctively straightened his back.

Serena saw right through Adam’s thoughts.

Unable to suppress a chuckle, she mused how humans, once they possess something, rarely appreciate it, but when faced with loss, they cling desperately to what they cannot have.

How amusing. If you don’t provoke a pest, the pest will still come to bother you.

In truth, Serena couldn’t understand why this person was chosen to play the leading role.

She had never truly felt like this was a story; it felt all too real.

Besides, if this was a story, then the world she had reincarnated into—how did it appear to others? Was it a book to them as well? Who could say?

In mere seconds, countless thoughts raced through Serena’s mind.

Looking at the irritating figure before her, she spoke in a cold tone, “Are you deaf, or just incapable of understanding human speech? It doesn’t matter what you think—I’m saying this in front of everyone. I never liked you in the past, and I won’t in the future. Who I’m with is none of your business. Please go find your so-called ‘white moonlight’ and stop bothering me.”

Though it seemed like her words were directed solely at Adam, they were meant for everyone at the gathering.

After speaking, she cast a glance around the room, holding Yuzhu’s hand and smiling, “By the way, this is my boyfriend and my future partner.”

With that, the room erupted into a buzz of chatter.

No one expected Serena to introduce Yuzhu so boldly in front of everyone.