**Chapter 94: This is Introducing Connections for Him!**

The stark contrast in attitudes was unmistakable, and in an instant, everyone at the banquet knew exactly who Yan Xinfang truly cared about. 

Oh, you say that Yan Xinfang used to follow that person around every day? That’s just a joke—rumors, really. They’ve never seen it with their own eyes. Besides, Yan Xinfang had never attended any banquets with Lu Xiuming, nor had they witnessed any private interactions between the two. 

Sure, some might have seen glimpses of them together, but now they couldn’t dare to speak up and offend others! They certainly didn’t want to be caught in the crossfire of gossip.

Yu Zhuyi, hearing her sister declare before everyone that he was her boyfriend, felt heat rush to his cheeks as he lightly tugged at her hand. But deep down, he felt as if he had just bitten into the sweetest honey. 

A beaming smile adorned his face, his thin lips curling up in joy, his slightly bushy eyebrows and narrow eyes glinting with happiness, and two deep dimples forming on his cheeks, adding to his charm. He knew that after tonight, everyone in their circle would know he was Yan Xinfang’s boyfriend, and it felt amazing.

In stark contrast to his sweet feelings, Lu Xiuming appeared as if he had just swallowed a fly. His face darkened, giving the impression that he had been betrayed and humiliated. 

He clenched his fists tightly, the veins on his hands becoming visible as he felt his temples throb. Wen Qingzhi stood beside him, acutely aware of the judgmental gazes coming from all directions—gazes that made it feel as if they were watching a clown performing.

Her face flushed, and she yearned to distance herself from Lu Xiuming. Yet, she managed to suppress her discomfort and feigned a gentle demeanor to comfort him. 

“Brother Xiuming, you…”

Wen Qingzhi’s voice pulled Lu Xiuming back from his stormy thoughts as he noticed the concern etched on her face. He fought to contain his anger, standing there for a while before casting a sullen glance at Yan Xinfang and then turning away, pulling Wen Qingzhi with him to escape the center of the banquet.

However, that fleeting glance revealed a tempest brewing within him, though Yan Xinfang remained unperturbed. 

“Come at me, I’ll face you,” she thought, feeling a refreshing lift in the atmosphere with the troublesome presence gone.

Yan Xinfang began introducing her charming companion to everyone at the banquet. Yu Zhuyi obediently followed his sister, and as people observed Yan Xinfang’s earnest demeanor, they didn’t need to be told that this was someone very special to her. 

While she was ostensibly introducing them, she was actually helping Yu Zhuyi build connections. Who couldn’t see through the cunning old foxes in the business world? 

But even if they figured it out, what could they do? They still had to put on smiles and greet her. On the other hand, the guests noticed that Yan Xinfang’s male companion looked somewhat familiar, yet they couldn’t quite place where they had seen him before.

Truth be told, it wasn’t surprising that no one recognized Yu Zhuyi. He rarely attended large banquets and had ventured out to start his own business early on, choosing not to stay by the old man’s side. 

Even though the company he founded had become one of the leading enterprises in the capital, he still tended to avoid banquets, usually sending Zhao Yixiu in his stead. This meant that no one at this event could recognize Yu Zhuyi.

Meanwhile, in a dim corner, Lu Xiuming released Wen Qingzhi’s hand and gulped down a large swig of the nearby liquor. Unfortunately, he choked on it. “Cough… cough… cough…”

Wen Qingzhi quickly patted his back, concern etched on her features. “Are you okay?”

After a prolonged coughing fit, Lu Xiuming finally managed to steady himself. Yet, it seemed he didn’t hear her soothing words; his gaze was fixated on that flash of blue—the figure of Yan Xinfang.

Why? Why was he now so pitifully hiding in a corner while Yan Xinfang sparkled like a proud princess at the center of the banquet, laughing and linking arms with another man?

When “Yan Xinfang” had pursued him, he had felt a twinge of interest; after all, she was beautiful and wealthy. But what he despised most was her haughty demeanor, as if nothing in the world could catch her eye.

He felt utterly inferior beside her.

Yet he could find a sense of pride in being with Wen Qingzhi, feeling the kind of admiration and need that every man craved. 

And why was Yan Xinfang introducing those people to Yu Zhuyi? Hadn’t they only just met? 

Even when “Yan Xinfang” had chased after him relentlessly, she had never done anything like this. She had never introduced him to her connections.

Everything he had ever desired was now bestowed upon Yu Zhuyi.

But Lu Xiuming conveniently forgot that when “Yan Xinfang” first chased him, she had indeed asked if he wanted to meet the people around her. 

What had he said then? He had cruelly accused her of looking down on him. What good were those people? Did she want to introduce them to humiliate him?

It was because of his harsh words that “Yan Xinfang” never brought up introducing him to her partners again.

Now, all of this was somehow her fault.

Some people really had the most peculiar thought processes.