Sophia Smith felt a wave of embarrassment wash over her, her heart pounding as she pressed a hand to her chest, muttering under her breath, "Calm down, heart. You're going to give me away!"

As she jogged to catch up with Ethan, she called out, "Hey, aren't you forgetting something? Like maybe a shirt?" She misjudged her pace and ended up bumping into his bare back, immediately stepping back with a startled laugh. "Oops, sorry about that."

Ethan turned around with a playful grin. "It's alright. But watch out with that blush—it might give me the wrong idea."

Sophia's cheeks flushed even more, and she looked away, trying to regain her cool. "Where are you off to? At least throw on a jacket. Even though it's summer, it's not as warm as it used to be," she quipped, glancing up at the sky. "Before you know it, autumn's right around the corner."

Ethan raised an eyebrow. "Wishing for endless summer days?"

Sophia shook her head. "Nah, that wouldn't be right."

"If you wanted it, we could make it happen," Ethan replied, continuing toward the underground lab. "I'm heading down. You're welcome to join."

...

Ethan always had a way of keeping things interesting. His charisma was undeniable, and if he wasn't destined to lead, he could easily captivate an audience as a top entertainer.

Sophia clasped her hands together and shrugged, following him down the dimly lit path to the lab. Ethan's tall frame moved confidently in front of her, his fingers flipping light switches to illuminate their way.

At the tunnel's end was a glass door with a facial recognition lock. Ethan paused in front of the scanner, and the door slid open smoothly.

Sophia hesitated, recalling her last visit here, but felt reassured by the lab's now spotless and orderly state. As she surveyed the room, she turned to Ethan. "This door seems pretty sturdy. Is it bulletproof?"

Ethan casually opened a white cabinet and pulled out a neatly folded shirt and lab coat. As he slipped on the shirt, Sophia couldn't help but notice how the simple attire highlighted his effortless elegance. She quickly averted her eyes.

"Nah, bulletproof isn't my style," Ethan said, buttoning up his shirt. Without hesitation, he adjusted his pants, tucking in his shirt before fastening his belt. Sophia's eyes widened, and she quickly turned away as he caught her looking.

Ethan approached her, ruffling her hair with a chuckle. "Go grab me a cup of coffee, will you? It's over on the table at the back. Then come give me a hand. I'll owe you a hug when I'm done."

A bit flustered, Sophia nodded and headed to the break area to brew his coffee. As she prepared it, she mused why everything seemed so tidy despite Ethan's long absence. Just as she finished, she found Ethan reclining against a surgical table, securing himself with straps with the help of a small robot.

"What are you waiting for? Bring the coffee over and help me with the straps," he instructed, pausing before adding, "I'll manage the rest."

Sophia approached cautiously, handing him the cup. "It's pretty hot—might want to wait a bit."

Ethan nodded, distracted, and set the cup aside. "Thanks, just help me with these."

She knelt to secure the strap on his other leg, feeling a bit anxious. "This seems intense. Is all this really necessary?"

Ethan met her gaze with a wry smile. "For what I'm dealing with, it is."

Sophia watched as he made a quick incision on his wrist without any anesthesia. She turned away, unable to watch, only the sound of his focused breathing filling the room.

"Okay, you can look now," Ethan's calm voice broke the silence.

Sophia turned back to find him expertly wrapping his wrist with a bandage, a small blue object lying on the table beside him. "What is that?" she asked, helping him with the bandage.

"You'll find out soon enough," Ethan replied, nodding toward the object.

Sophia finished wrapping the bandage and offered him the now lukewarm coffee. "Want any sugar with that?"

Ethan shook his head, accepting the cup. Just as he raised it to his lips, Sophia gently stopped him. "You just had surgery. Maybe hold off on caffeine?"

Ethan chuckled softly, setting the cup down. "You're right. But there's always time for fruit later."

As he began undoing the straps, he leaned in closer, whispering with a mischievous tone, "You know why I strap myself down? Just in case I get too excited and jump up."

Sophia couldn't help but laugh, feeling both amused and reassured by his lightheartedness in the midst of such seriousness.