**Being Overly Sentimental**

"Uh...sorry!" Olivia Stewart managed to stammer out an apology amidst her coughing fit.

"Why'd you chug it so fast? It's not like anyone's gonna steal it from you!" Isabella Peterson complained, yanking a tissue to wipe the corners of Olivia's mouth. "Feeling better yet?"

Olivia pouted. Could she really tell Isabella she got choked up because Isabella practically poured the water down her throat? Clearly, Isabella wasn't great at taking care of people but still insisted on trying!

But watching Isabella drip water everywhere, Olivia couldn't help but feel amused and cracked a smile.

"You sprayed me in the face and you still have the nerve to laugh?" Isabella shouted but then her eyebrows shot up in surprise, "Did you just smile?"

Olivia's lips curled silently again.

"Olivia, you heartless little thing. You enjoy watching me make a fool of myself, don’t you?" Isabella pretended to be angry, but her raised eyebrows betrayed her good mood. She haphazardly wiped her face with a tissue and, not bothering with the mess on her clothes, scooped another spoonful of oatmeal and offered it to Olivia.

This time, Olivia didn't resist and obediently swallowed the oatmeal, managing to mumble, "Aren't you worried it's gross?"

"Gross? I've had your spit on me plenty of times. It's like you've kissed me a thousand times, slobbering all over my face!"

Isabella was something else...

Olivia blushed and decided to play deaf, focusing on drinking her oatmeal. It was soothing and warm, but she really didn't have much appetite. After a few spoonfuls, she pushed Isabella's hand away, refusing to drink more.

"Tired? Rest a bit and then drink some more," Isabella said, covering the bowl with a lid to keep it warm.

"No, I don't want any more." Olivia pushed the bowl away.

"Don't you dare!" Isabella scolded.

"I really can't eat anymore. Plus, I might've spit in it earlier!" Olivia quipped.

"Olivia, I don't mind, so why should you? Even if you did, it's your own spit. Now eat it up! Besides, you've already swallowed most of it."

Okay, maybe she hadn't thought her excuse through, digging a hole for herself!

Isabella was too clever!

Isabella picked up the bowl again, resolutely spooning more oatmeal to Olivia's lips. "Drink up! Finish it all!" His gaze swept over her, "Once you're better, we have some scores to settle!"

This little trickster had learned to deceive!

After he brought her back that day and thought about what might’ve happened, he felt like a thousand ants were crawling all over him. He personally washed her again and again. When he was cleaning the marks on her face, he realized they were makeup when they wiped away. If she hadn’t been unconscious, he might have lost control!

Olivia felt uneasy under Isabella's piercing gaze and quickly lowered her head to drink the oatmeal. Her face scrunched up as she swallowed.

"Isabella, I really don't want any more. This oatmeal is flavorless," Olivia complained.

"You want more flavor?"

Isabella gave her a meaningful look, then brought the bowl to his lips, taking a big sip himself.

Was he really stealing a sick person's food?

Olivia's eyes widened in shock.

Before she could react, Isabella leaned forward, cupped the back of her head, and kissed her.

Olivia pushed against his chest, trying to resist. But anything he wanted, she could never refuse.

Exhausted from being unwell, Olivia was breathless after Isabella's surprise attack. Thankfully, he let go just in time, or she might have suffocated.

Her pale lips were flushed with color after the kiss. Isabella couldn't resist pecking her again, his lips brushing against hers, "How's that taste, hmm?"

You jerk!

Olivia's face felt like it was on fire, and she kept her head down, too embarrassed to say anything, showing only a bit of her blushing neck.

Her heart felt like it was swimming in honey, spreading warmth and sweetness.

He didn’t mind being close to her after all!

Isabella's heart fluttered at her shy demeanor. But seeing her weakened state, he shoved down his emotions, pouring his affection into the oatmeal.

He took another sip and lifted Olivia's chin. He was getting addicted to this little game!

After a few rounds, Isabella managed to get most of the oatmeal into Olivia, who was feeling a bit more energetic.

Isabella felt pretty pleased with himself. This way, Olivia would recover quicker.

"Enough, Isabella, stop!" Olivia protested loudly.

"One more! Just one more!" Isabella half-coaxed, half-ordered.

Sophie Cook had just reached the door and overheard their conversation, frowning slightly. Wasn’t Isabella supposed to be a neat freak? How could he still be so close to Olivia given her condition, or was he just at his limit?

No way! I can't let Olivia have this advantage!

Without thinking, Sophie barged in, calling sweetly, "Sis, I brought you..."

"Ah...cough, cough, cough..."

Caught off guard by her sister's voice, Olivia sputtered and choked again.

Ignoring the oatmeal splattered on himself, Isabella quickly wrapped an arm around Olivia, patting her back soothingly, shooting a frosty glare at Sophie. "Get out!"

Sophie flinched at his shout but didn’t back off. Instead, she rushed to Olivia’s bedside, concern etched on her face, "Sis, are you okay?"

It took Olivia a while to catch her breath, her face a flushed red, and she threw a reproachful look at Isabella. When she noticed Sophie there too, she quickly pulled away from Isabella, leaning against her pillows.

Isabella was annoyed by her reaction and turned to scold Sophie, who was crouching beside him. "Why are you still here?"

This woman, if she hadn’t barged in, Olivia wouldn’t have choked!

"I...I was just worried about my sister!" Sophie twisted the hem of her shirt, looking like a wronged child.

Olivia grabbed Isabella's hand, "She’s my sister, don’t scare her!"

Isabella raised an eyebrow at Sophie, his voice dripping with sarcasm, "Miss Sophie, didn’t anyone teach you to knock before entering a room? Didn’t your parents?"

"My parents are gone, only my sister is here," Sophie said softly, casting a pitiful glance at Olivia.

Isabella realized his words had unintentionally hit a sore spot for Olivia. He glanced at her and saw her eyes were red with emotion.

Damn it!

He had really messed up!

"Olivia, you can’t be upset! You’ve got me!" Isabella barked, frustrated.

But Olivia was already down, and his words couldn’t lift her spirits. She kept her head down, ignoring him.

Isabella, unable to reprimand Olivia, turned his annoyance on Sophie, glaring at her, "Leave!"

"Yes, Isabella!" Sophie sniffled, looking about to cry, and slowly stood, stumbling as she turned to leave, limping slightly.

Olivia watched her sister’s retreating figure, a pang of guilt hitting her. That was her sister!

If Sophie hadn’t rushed to get help for her that day, her ankle wouldn’t still be this bad. And what had she done in return?

Jealously stewing over Sophie fainting in Isabella’s arms, seeing their intertwined hands, when it was probably just a coincidence!

What kind of sister was she?

Filled with remorse, Olivia watched Sophie limp to the door and nudged Isabella, gesturing towards her sister.

Isabella looked like he’d seen a ghost, "You want me to help her? Olivia, I’m your man, she’s your sister, do you know what you’re asking?"

"I know!" Olivia smiled slightly, "You’re both the closest people to me, so I want you both to be okay!"

"Idiot! If it were another man, you’d regret it!"

With a smug look, Isabella patted Olivia’s head, stood up, and walked out.

Watching them leave, Olivia felt a sudden emptiness inside her, like something had been scooped out.

She chuckled to herself after a moment.

What’s wrong with me? Since when did I become so insecure?

She insisted Isabella help Sophie, but when he did, she felt uneasy. If Isabella knew, he’d probably tease her for it.

But why did her heart feel so unsettled?

I need to go check!