Isabella Peterson stormed out of the film set, practically fuming. As soon as she was free, she ordered Michael Wright to scour the city for Olivia Stewart. Meanwhile, she sped back to her place, Water's Edge, and charged into the bathroom for what felt like an eternal scrub-down. The thought of her mud-caked appearance earlier that day was driving her nuts.

Adding fuel to the fire, Olivia had taken off with another guy! The nerve!

Half an hour later, Michael Wright returned, looking sheepish as he stood outside the bathroom door. "Boss, we've searched all the usual spots Olivia Stewart hangs out with that flamboyant guy, but no luck!"

"Bang!" Something heavy thudded against the frosted glass of the bathroom door.

Isabella's voice, a low growl, came through. "You dimwit! If the usual places don't work, try somewhere new!"

Michael scratched his head, thinking. The usual spots were all those little diners. Maybe they should have been searching... hotels?

Oh, man!

His imagination went wild for a second. Horrified, Michael glanced at the bathroom door and made a hasty retreat.

An hour later, after checking every hotel in Gold City, Michael still hadn’t found Olivia. Too scared to report back to Isabella empty-handed, he sent out the rest of his crew to intensify the search.

So, where were Olivia and her bestie Ethan King?

For a true foodie like Olivia, restaurants are the ultimate temptation. Isabella’s suggestion to check other places was really just a hint to try bigger venues if the small ones failed. But Michael, in his earnestness, had completely misunderstood.

Meanwhile, Olivia was in a fancy private dining room at the Gold City Grand Hotel, locked in an epic battle with a giant lobster.

“Take it easy, no one’s going to steal it from you!” Ethan King teased, wiping the sauce from Olivia's nose with a napkin.

Olivia giggled, her cheeks puffed with delicious shrimp. “You have no idea how long it’s been since I’ve eaten like this since you left!”

Watching her, Ethan felt his throat tighten. He quickly turned away, coughing awkwardly. “You make it sound like Isabella’s been mistreating you!”

“Oh, no!” Olivia shook her head, licking her fingers without a care. "But Isabella’s this high-society guy, you know? Everything he does, even holding a fork, is all elegant and classy. Next to him, I feel like a total slob. How can I just relax?”

Olivia swapped fingers, licking another clean. “Like now, if he saw me eating like this, he’d probably faint from disgust!”

“But I think it’s adorable!” Maybe a bit too adorable.

Ethan watched her, his gaze getting deeper and more intense. He swallowed hard, trying to hide his feelings.

Trouble was, seeing Olivia again was stirring up all sorts of different feelings inside him.

“I heard you’re quite the rich kid too. So why aren’t you all hoity-toity like him?”

Ethan feigned a hurt look. “That’s because I don’t like putting on airs. I’d rather be happy and free with you!”

There was a lot more meaning behind his words, but carefree Olivia didn’t notice. Since they'd met, she’d always seen Ethan as her best friend.

Ethan handed her a napkin, cautiously suggesting, “Why don’t you ditch Isabella and come back to me?”

“Pfft—”

Olivia had just taken a sip of wine and nearly sprayed it all over Ethan’s face.

Ethan closed his eyes, his handsome features scrunched up in dismay.

“Oh my gosh, Ethan, you’re crazy!” Olivia jumped up, frantically wiping his face with napkins, apologizing non-stop. “Sorry, sorry, you just freaked me out! Don’t ever joke like that again!”

Ethan didn’t look pleased as he took the napkin from her, wiping off the wine himself. “I was serious!”

“I know you’re serious.” Olivia handed him a wet wipe. “Here, clean up some more.”

Once Ethan was done, Olivia leaned on the table, chin in hand, looking at him seriously. “Ethan, I know you’re my best friend, my safety net. No matter how life turns out, no matter who breaks my heart, you’ll always be there. So, when I leave Isabella, I’ll come back to you!”

Ethan’s eyes sparkled, as if stars had passed through them.

“But geez, your expression just now was like a heartfelt confession.” Olivia patted her chest. “Stop joking like that, will you? My heart can’t take it!”

The light in Ethan’s eyes dimmed. He wanted to say something but swallowed it down.

The next second, Ethan lifted his head, wearing his usual charming smile. He picked up his wine glass and took a sip, his fingers elegantly curled around the stem.

“Olivia, you’re an actress, and you can’t even tell a little joke? Wasn’t my performance Oscar-worthy?”

Ethan’s voice had that playful lilt to it that Olivia knew so well. This was the Ethan she felt comfortable and unguarded around.

Olivia relaxed, playfully tossing a half-eaten shrimp leg at him. “You’re awful!”

Ethan looked at the shrimp leg in his bowl, half laughing, half crying.

This girl, her aim was spot on!

He shook his head, giving Olivia a fond look. “Girl, we’re in a fancy restaurant, not a street stall. Can’t you show a little class?”

“Nope!” Olivia grinned mischievously. “What are you gonna do about it, bite me?”

I wish! Ethan thought silently.

Seeing him stay silent, Olivia sheepishly retrieved the shrimp leg from his bowl. “I was just joking around. I didn’t mean to throw it so accurately. You’re not mad, are you?”

Ethan smiled, his face lighting up like a starry night. He reached over to pat Olivia’s head. “How could I be mad? You’ll always be my favorite Olivia! Even if you wanted me to eat that shrimp leg, I wouldn’t mind!”

Olivia rolled her eyes, swatting his hand away. “Ugh, gross!”

To someone paying attention, it was a declaration of love. To her, it was just gross. Ah, this clueless girl!

Ethan pulled back his hand, sighing quietly, hiding his disappointment with a sip of wine.

Suddenly, Olivia tilted her head, scrutinizing Ethan with big, curious eyes. “Hey, have you been dating someone lately?”

“Pfft—”

Ethan almost choked on his wine.

Did she figure it out?

He avoided her gaze, his eyes darting everywhere.

Olivia grabbed his head, making him face her. “Ah-ha! I was right, wasn’t I? Why so guilty? Spill it, who’s the lucky guy?”

Lucky guy!

Ethan was speechless.

If he shouted “I’m straight now!” would Olivia faint from shock?

Letting go of Ethan, Olivia continued, “I thought your type was like that assistant around Tianyi, all charming like you. Guess I don’t need to play matchmaker now!”

Ethan quickly denied it, “No way! Olivia, I swear!” He held up two fingers. “I only have eyes for you!”

“Weren’t you into guys? What’s the point of swearing to me?” Olivia looked at him like he was an idiot. “You’re full of romantic lines, yet you’re not in love? Or are you just practicing on me?”

“You caught me! You’re the smart one, Olivia!”

Ethan went along with her teasing, though inside, he was lamenting.

If he’d known she’d mean this much to him, he’d never have told her he was into guys!

“You wanna practice? Fine, I’ll just treat it like rehearsing lines!”

Olivia poked at a lobster claw with her fork, smiling brightly. “I love being this free and happy with you! Now that I’m full, it’s time for you to spill the beans!”

Ethan sobered up, his charming face turning serious. “I left in a rush, and I owe you an explanation. Ask me anything, and I promise to be honest.”

Olivia’s eyes widened with curiosity. “I heard you’re some rich heir with big farms, totally loaded!”

Ethan chuckled. “I do have some farms, but I wouldn’t say I’m loaded. Compared to Isabella, I’m just a country squire. I know my limits.”

