Olivia Stewart sat on the couch, her eyes red and puffy as she sniffled, "I really didn't want to shoot those intimate scenes with Ethan Levitt, but he insisted on not using body doubles. Today, he even stole a kiss from me! But when you were so gentle and caring, I felt terrible for you!" 

Isabella Peterson, listening to Olivia's tearful confession, couldn't help but smile softly. She bent down to gently kiss away Olivia’s tears, comforting her, "Alright, alright, stop crying. Since it's not your fault, I'm not holding it against you!"

Olivia looked up at Isabella with wide, incredulous eyes, "Isabella, are you really not mad at me?"

"Not mad at all."

"Then swear it!"

How childish! Isabella rolled her eyes but couldn't resist the earnest, deer-like gaze Olivia gave her. Sighing with a hint of amusement, Isabella raised two fingers, "I swear, I'm not mad right now!"

"But you have to promise you'll never get mad at me again!" Olivia insisted, pushing her luck.

Isabella's eyes narrowed, "Olivia, don't push it!" Not getting mad? What if you make a fool out of me again? I'd have to do something about it!

"Pleeaase?" Olivia clutched Isabella's sleeve, pouting with a puppy-eyed look.

Isabella's heart melted a little, despite herself. She raised her fingers again, "Fine, I swear I won't get mad about any future scenes you do with Ethan."

Even if things get cozy on set or off, it's just acting, right? Why get upset? It's ridiculous.

Olivia's tears vanished, replaced by a bright smile as she hugged Isabella's arm, "I knew you were the best, you tough-looking, soft-hearted person!"

Isabella's dark eyes flashed, "Olivia, watch your language!"

"Uh, I mean, Master Isabella, mighty and wise!" Olivia declared playfully, winking at her.

"Come on, Isabella! Chill out. Even though Ethan pulled a fast one on me today, I totally got my own back, so I'm not really upset!"

"Eh?" Isabella's eyebrows shot up, "You enjoyed being kissed by another guy?"

"No, no, no! That's not what I meant!" Olivia waved her hands, inching closer to Isabella with a mischievous grin. "I got him good today!"

Isabella shot her a skeptical look.

"You don't believe me?" Olivia widened her eyes, "He's got a serious cleanliness obsession, just like you! But guess what?" She paused dramatically, wiggling her finger, "I dumped him right in a mud pit!"

Isabella's face darkened at Olivia's smug little dance with her finger. She felt like biting it off!

Especially since Olivia was grinning like some wicked little imp!

"So you did it on purpose?" Isabella’s voice was icy.

"Of course not... I mean, of course, I did it on purpose!" Olivia quickly corrected herself, trying to prove her loyalty to Isabella.

What a little troublemaker!

Isabella was so mad, she felt her face twisting. The thought of that scene made her skin crawl!

Olivia, oblivious to Isabella's simmering anger, was still riding her high, "He thought he could mess with me? No way! Isabella, wasn’t that satisfying?"

Satisfying! To the max!

Isabella's eyes nearly bulged out as her hand snapped to Olivia's waist, wanting to squeeze the life out of her.

Olivia turned to see Isabella's furious face, jumping back in alarm, "Isabella, what's wrong? Didn't you always say if someone bullies you, you should pay them back tenfold? Did I do something wrong?"

Isabella felt like he was choking on his own words, but he had to nod and grit out, "Yes, you're right! Next time, make sure to do the same!"

"Okay, okay, I got it! I’ve already avenged you, so please don’t be mad!" Olivia beamed, holding Isabella's hand with a light-hearted laugh.

Isabella was fuming, his expression a mix of frustration and amusement.

After a long pause, Isabella finally huffed out two words, "Go to sleep!"

Oh, Olivia, daring to make me sleep in the mud, I'll just have to sleep you! Over and over!

"Uh, it's pretty early, Isabella. Don't you have work to do? Maybe you should go handle that while I review tomorrow's script," Olivia suggested, glancing at the clock.

"Script, shmcript! Is it more interesting than me? Sleep!"

Isabella wasn’t taking no for an answer. Just as she was about to drag Olivia to bed, the phone on the nightstand rang.

Isabella picked up the phone, ready to toss it aside, but Olivia swiftly snatched it, "Hey, don't! It's my call!"

"Is that phone more important than me?" Isabella sulked like a child.

"You were fine a minute ago! Why so moody now?" Olivia pouted.

She was about to answer the call when she saw the name on the screen and froze.

Isabella glanced at it, his tone dripping with sarcasm, "Why not answer?"

"Maybe not... You’re more important than the call," Olivia said, trying to sound sincere while awkwardly smiling.

Yeah, right. She knew mentioning Ethan King around Isabella was like setting off a bomb.

"Feeling guilty now?" Isabella's voice was chillingly calm.

Olivia hesitated, unsure whether to answer or not.

"Want me to answer it for you?" Isabella offered, a dangerous glint in his eye.

"No, no, I'll do it. It's probably nothing serious, just Ethan saying hi," Olivia said hurriedly, swiping the screen to answer before Isabella could intervene.

The line was silent for a moment.

"Maybe he accidentally dialed," Olivia said, feeling relieved.

Just as she was about to hang up, Ethan's slightly slurred voice came through, "Olivia, are you asleep?"

"Not yet. About to, though. What's up, Ethan?"

"Nothing much, just wanted to call and check in," Ethan mumbled, sounding a bit off.

Olivia frowned, gripping the phone tighter, "Ethan, are you drunk? You were fine when we parted earlier."

Ethan chuckled, "Yeah, I was fine. Then I had a bit more to drink."

"A bit? I can practically smell the booze over the phone! You're probably plastered!" Olivia's voice rose in concern.

In her worry, she forgot Isabella was listening, focused solely on Ethan. After all, Ethan had never gotten drunk like this before.

Isabella's expression froze, his features hardening into a cold mask. A guy calling a woman late at night, drunk, obviously had ulterior motives!

But Isabella didn't interrupt. He stood behind Olivia, listening silently, wrapping an arm around her waist and giving a playful squeeze.

"Are you alone at home?" Olivia asked just before Isabella's pinch made her yelp.

She clamped her hand over her mouth, embarrassed by the sound she made.

Ethan, startled by her reaction, asked, "Olivia, are you okay?"

"Oh, nothing. I just wanted to ask if you were home alone."

Isabella's eyes darkened, his jaw set tight as he rested his chin on Olivia's shoulder, nibbling at her ear teasingly.

"Uh..." Olivia tried to speak, biting her lip to hold back any more embarrassing noises.

Isabella wasn't letting up, his mischief escalating.

Trembling slightly, Olivia was trapped in Isabella's embrace, unable to escape. She had to grit her teeth, determined not to let a single sound slip.