In the middle of a room filled with tension and awkwardness, Olivia Stewart was suddenly jolted back to reality by a chilly draft. Embarrassed and annoyed, she turned to Isabella Peterson, hastily pulling her clothes back into place.

"What are you doing?" she demanded.

Isabella gave a mischievous grin. "Your strap slipped down. I just thought I'd help you out."

Olivia knew better. This guy had obviously pulled it down on purpose! Her face turned a bright shade of red as she glared at him. "Have you lost your mind? Get out! This is my room, and you're still here. What do you want?"

Unfazed, Isabella leaned in with a cheeky smile. "Want? Oh, I want. Very much."

Olivia's face flushed even more, like she’d just stepped out of a sauna. She kicked at Isabella, who effortlessly caught her ankle, and with a playful smirk, said, "You know, you're quite vulnerable like this."

Before she knew it, Olivia found herself sprawled on the bed, with Isabella hovering over her. This guy had been waiting for such a moment for a while.

"Isabella, you jerk! Get off me!" Olivia shouted, trying to kick him again.

Isabella barely dodged her foot, retreating with a playful grin. "So feisty, huh?"

"Get lost!"

"If it's with you, I don't mind," Isabella teased, "though these sheets are a bit tacky."

"Isabella, can you not act like a wild animal all the time? You promised you wouldn't touch me!"

"Did I touch you?" Isabella asked, clearly amused, as he noticed the slight mark on Olivia's neck. "I was just giving you a demonstration."

Olivia pushed him away and bolted out of the room, realizing that being alone with someone like Isabella was a risky game she wasn't willing to play. Running into her room was definitely not her brightest move.

With a leisurely air, Isabella straightened his clothes before following her out. In the living room, the guards all pretended they hadn't heard a thing, except for Lucas Wright, who grinned like he'd just won the lottery.

Ethan King, looking worse for wear, was restrained in a corner, his face bruised and gagged, clearly not having the best day.

Olivia stormed into the living room, plopping herself onto the couch and pointing at the open cases of cash on the coffee table. "Isabella, take your stuff and your men and get out!"

Instead of getting angry, Isabella just plopped down beside her, lazily crossing his legs. "This is my gift to you. If you dare reject it, I'll have to deal with you."

Reject it? Who says no to money? But still, the aftermath...

"Isabella, you're not giving me money; you're trying to bury me with it!"

"Am I burying you?" Isabella leaned in closer, his voice low and suggestive. "If I really wanted to bury you, I'd use a different method."

"Get out! I'm not taking it!"

"Well, you have to, or else..."

Or else what? Was he going to pull the 'deal with you' card again?

Olivia rubbed her temples in frustration. "So why are you suddenly throwing all this money at me?"

"To make you happy, to win your heart." Isabella was dead serious. "Olivia, can't you see? I'm trying to court you!"

Is this what courting looks like? This guy must've never tried to woo a woman before, she thought.

"And then what?"

"Then I'll sleep with you, sleep with you, sleep with you!"

"Isabella! You're shameless, vulgar, and despicable!"

Fuming, Olivia hurled a pillow at Isabella's head. He deflected it, looking a bit miffed, then glanced at Lucas as if asking, Didn't you say she'd get my hint? What went wrong?

Lucas smacked his forehead in disbelief. Seriously, young master, a little sweet talk wouldn't hurt, right? Why spill all your inner desires at once?

Olivia was too mad to do anything more than tremble with anger, her finger quivering as she pointed at him.

"Isabella, don't you know you're just insulting me? Take your money and leave!"

Isabella's face turned an interesting shade of green.

Ungrateful little thing!

Lucas gently tugged on Isabella's sleeve. "Sir, after offering the money, that line didn't quite land. Let's rethink this approach."

Isabella hesitated before finally signaling the guards to close up the cash boxes.

Olivia watched the money being packed up with a pang of regret. So much cash, but she couldn't take it!

Once the guards had left, the room felt bigger and the air fresher. Olivia took a deep breath and faced Isabella. "You too, Isabella. I need to make it clear, whatever reason you have for pursuing me, I'm saying no."

After all this, and she still dares to refuse!

Isabella sat there, looking rather displeased. His first gift rejected, his first attempt at courting a woman rebuffed. This little minx had given him quite a few firsts!

Suddenly, a sly grin appeared on Isabella's face.

Some firsts were pretty sweet memories, weren't they?

Lucas, watching this unfold, was bewildered. Did the rejection send him over the edge?

He cautiously tugged on Isabella's coat. "Sir, maybe we should call it a day?"

"Leave? I'm not done yet!"

Olivia was seething, her eyes practically rolling out of her head. "Isabella, what else do you want?"

"To collect a debt!"

"A debt?"

"Since you won't take my gift, I'm here to collect what you owe me. Don't forget, you owe me two hundred kisses!"

You've got to be kidding me!

"So, will it be a one-time payment or installments?"

"…"

"Will you come over, or should I drop by to collect?"

"…"

"Let's do this. Since I'm here, I might as well take some interest."

Isabella reached for Olivia's head, but she turned away, only to have her hair caught in his hand.

"Hey, Olivia, you're up—" Emma Thomas yawned, stepping out of her room, only to freeze at the sight before her, her hand flying to her mouth in shock. After a moment, she anxiously asked, "Olivia, are you in debt to loan sharks?"

Olivia grimaced. Yep, worse than loan sharks.

Isabella looked up, casting a disdainful glance at Emma. "And who's the monster?"

Monster!

Emma was crushed. Sure, she wasn't a beauty queen, but she wasn't hideous either. Just because she woke up late and hadn't freshened up yet, did that make her a monster?

Olivia sighed. Actually, Emma wasn't bad-looking, with her round face and small eyes hidden behind thick glasses. She had a cute, nerdy vibe going on. But she didn't dress up much, always buried in finance reports.

"Um..." Olivia shot Emma an apologetic look. "This is Emma Thomas, my roommate. She's a dedicated accountant."

So this is the ‘decent-looking’ one? If that's decent, then Olivia's in a league of her own. No wonder that guy can't get enough of her.

Isabella pondered, realizing the living situation was too weird for his taste. He started brewing a new plan.

Emma, shaking off her shock and fear, noticed Ethan tied up in the corner. She rushed over, trying to free him. "Let him go! Release him now!"

Isabella frowned. "Olivia, who are these people you live with? A weirdo and a lunatic!"

What a mouth on him!

Olivia shot Isabella a glare. "You're the crazy one! She's just in love. It's called the power of love, ever heard of it?"

She likes that guy? Maybe keeping her around isn't a bad idea.

Isabella's eyes glinted with a bit of mischief, and he magnanimously waved his hand, signaling the guards to release Ethan.

Olivia was surprised. "Feeling generous?"

"Letting a plain Jane save her prince. Why not?"

"She's not plain! She's got a cute nerdy charm. And, FYI, Ethan's not into women, so zip it about that around him."

"Not into women?" Isabella chuckled. "He seems pretty interested in you."

Jealous, are we?

Good thing I didn't vouch for Ethan earlier, Olivia thought. This would have ended badly.

Emma and Ethan returned to the group, Emma's righteous fury evident as she faced Isabella. "How much does Olivia owe you? I’ll pay it back!"

Isabella coolly raised two fingers.

"Two thousand?"

"Twenty thousand?"

"Two hundred thousand?"

Emma's voice got higher with each number, ending in a shaky note.

How could Olivia owe so much? Even as an accountant, Emma didn't have that kind of cash lying around!

Shouldn't have offered so quickly. Now what?

Isabella, with a teasing glint in his eye, looked at Olivia's flushed lips, then clarified, "Two hundred...kisses."

Of course!

Just flirting, huh?

Emma turned beet red with embarrassment. She shot Isabella a quick glance, then lowered her head, almost burying herself in her chest.

She hadn't expected Olivia's debt to be something like this!

Even if she wanted to help, would Isabella even accept?

"I'll cover it for her!"

Ethan's sudden offer hung in the air, his voice carrying that distinct dramatic flair.