"Wow, that's ugly!"

"What happened, sis?"

"This is iodine. It'll leave a scar if you use it!"

"What?"

Sophie Cook nearly dropped the bottle like it was a hot potato. "I'm so sorry, Olivia! I almost messed things up for you!"

"No worries, I'll head back and check it out. Don't stress too much, just take it easy!" Olivia Stewart reassured her before quickly leaving. She needed to call Lucas Wright, the family butler, because surely there had to be some miracle cream at their place to help heal the wound without leaving a scar.

As Olivia walked away, Sophie bit her lip hard enough that her nails dug into her palm. The girl who handed her the iodine sidled up, whispering, "Sophie, Olivia really went all out for you, didn’t she? Poor Sarah Moore, though. Who would’ve thought your sister could be so fierce?"

Sophie shot her a cold glare. "Shut it! You’ll all get your imported makeup sets, and I'll handle Sarah Moore. Just keep your mouths shut!"

The girl perked up. "Imported makeup? Knew you had the good stuff! Don't worry, we're not gonna sell you out."

Back at the house, Olivia had a professional doctor check her out and apply the best scar-free healing ointment. The scratches weren’t too bad, just a bit red and swollen, looking like a centipede crawled across her face. But the doctor assured her that with some care and timely medication, she'd be fine in a few days, which made Lucas Wright finally relax and let her go.

Once the doctor left, Lucas, both worried and a bit frantic, looked at Olivia. "Oh my, how did this happen in just a few days? Who did this? Should I inform Isabella Peterson immediately?"

Olivia shook her head. "Isabella's busy with that project, it’s just a minor thing, no need to bother him!"

As long as it wouldn’t scar, she wasn’t overly concerned. Besides, she didn’t want Isabella to sweat over something she could handle herself. She preferred solving her own problems rather than relying on others.

"Alright, Olivia, why don’t you rest for a bit? I’ll call you when dinner's ready."

"Thanks, Lucas, but please, just call me Olivia. No need for formalities!"

"Oh no!" Lucas shook his head quickly. "I must respect the hierarchy!"

Olivia laughed warmly. "We’re all equals here, no hierarchy needed. If you’re more comfortable, stick with formalities when Isabella’s around, but when he’s not, just call me by my name. You’re like a kind uncle to me!"

"Alright, I’ll remember that," Lucas said, his eyes misting slightly. Olivia knew old habits die hard, so she just smiled, thanked him, and headed upstairs.

As soon as Olivia left, Lucas raced to call Isabella. There was no way he’d keep anything from Isabella, especially about Olivia.

Isabella was on a noisy construction site when he got the call. He stepped aside and shouted into the phone, "What did you say? Olivia’s hurt? Have you figured out what happened? She doesn’t want me to know? She’s being silly, and so are you! Get to the bottom of it now! I’m coming back immediately!"

He hung up and signaled to Michael Wright, "Keep an eye on things here for me!"

"But sir, who’s going to protect you?"

Michael looked up, but Isabella was already striding away, his usually poised demeanor replaced by urgency. Michael couldn’t help but wonder what could possibly make Isabella abandon such an important project. The answer was obvious: Olivia Stewart. There was nothing more crucial than her.

Isabella returned to the mansion just as evening fell. Olivia was seated alone at the dining table, quietly eating dinner.

"Sir!" Lucas greeted respectfully.

Olivia looked up to see Isabella standing in the doorway, bathed in the golden glow of the sunset. His silhouette was striking, and he looked every bit like a handsome angel. If only his expression matched.

She stared at him, and the chopsticks slipped from her fingers, clattering onto the table. How could someone look so good? The more she looked, the better he seemed to get.

Isabella approached with a few long strides. Olivia snapped out of her daze, hastily picked up the chopsticks, and pretended to focus on her food.

Isabella’s irritation was palpable, his brows furrowed tightly. Lucas quickly pulled out a chair for him. "Please sit, sir! I’ll get you a plate."

Isabella didn’t respond, just sat down with a stormy expression, eyes fixed on Olivia.

Feeling his intense gaze, Olivia lowered her head further, almost burying it in her bowl.

"Are you a starving ghost?" Isabella’s voice broke the silence, dripping with disdain.

Olivia looked up in confusion, meeting his gaze. His deep, dark eyes were like a bottomless pool, drawing her in. For a moment, she was completely spellbound, just staring at him.

Isabella leaned over the table, his tall frame casting a shadow over her. After a long pause, he murmured, "Really ugly."

Really... ugly?

Olivia snapped back to reality, her heart sinking. She immediately covered her face, the sparkle in her eyes fading like a light going out.

It stung. Really stung!

She’d missed him so much over the past week, it felt like an eternity. And the first thing he said was that she looked ugly?

Sure, with those red marks on her face, she wasn’t exactly looking her best right now.

Her head bowed, Olivia felt tears pricking at her eyes.

She hadn’t felt this hurt even when facing all the snide remarks and dirty tricks at the film academy!

Isabella walked around the table, stopping in front of her. He gently pulled her hands away from her face, lifting her chin with a finger to force her to meet his gaze.

Olivia’s eyes darted around, avoiding his.

He scrutinized her face, frowning as he added, "Definitely pretty ugly!"

Olivia felt her heart shatter into pieces.

"So what if I’m ugly? You don’t have to look!"

She began to pull away, trying to slap Isabella’s hand away from her chin.

His grip tightened on her wrist, his eyes blazing with anger. "Stop moving around! Do you want more scars? Trying to become the ugliest person ever?"

Olivia was livid, glaring at him as she shouted, "So what if I have scars? There are uglier people out there! You don’t have to look at me! Why are you being so mean?"

Isabella snorted. "You think you’re justified? Want me to add a few more scratches?"

"You jerk, Isabella! Everyone else bullies me, and now you’re joining in? Get lost! Just leave!"

She shoved him away and bolted for the stairs.

Isabella was quicker, catching her wrist and spinning her back to him, causing her to crash into his chest with a thud.

"Oof..."

That hurt!

This annoying man!

Isabella cupped her face in his hands, examining her tear-filled eyes.

"Crying because you’re hurt?"

"I’m not crying! You just hurt me when you crashed into me, that’s all!"

This stubborn little thing!

His lips twitched into a brief smile before settling back into a serious expression. "Don’t cry! You know tears will sting your wounds, right? You want scars?"

Olivia grumbled, still upset but knowing he was right. She’d just have to wait for the scratches to heal and deal with everything else later.