**Medicinal Cuisine**

After receiving the call, Liang Yang abruptly rolled out of bed with a loud thud, startling the woman lying beside him, causing her to shiver all over. 

“Master Lu, why are you in the hospital? Are you sick?” Liang Yang quickly expressed his concern.

“No, just hurry up and bring me what I asked for. Make sure to order that medicinal dish that helps with blood replenishment and calcium, suitable for women with weak constitutions. The other one can be anything, just pick something,” Lu Mingxu replied before abruptly hanging up. 

As Liang Yang recalled Ling Xiaoxing's medical examination report, he couldn't help but furrow his sharp brows. 

Not only was she anemic and calcium-deficient, but her entire physical state was borderline sub-health. 

How had this woman been living? Was she not eating properly? 

Despite her explosive energy when she fled, her overall physical condition was so poor! 

If her body was in better shape, she wouldn't have experienced such severe cramps in her legs. 

It seems that moving forward, he needed to ensure Xiaoxing had proper meals, aiming to help her become plump and healthy. 

Right now, she was a bit too thin; when he held her, she felt almost as light as those female celebrities. 

But those celebrities had to stay slim for the camera, which made sense. 

Xiaoxing didn’t need to worry about that. 

Her priority was to be healthy. 

If possible, he also wanted to take Xiaoxing to exercise together. 

The explosive energy she had shown while escaping made Lu Mingxu see her potential in running. 

It would be a real shame to waste such talent. 

Moreover, exercising together would not only improve her physical fitness but also increase their time spent together. 

Standing alone in the hospital corridor, Lu Mingxu was lost in his pleasant thoughts, not even considering whether Ling Xiaoxing would agree to work out with him. 

A stunning woman with alluring looks noticed her benefactor hastily getting out of bed and dressing up. She tilted her head, curious, and asked, “Why the rush? Is Master Lu sick?” 

“No, it’s probably his new fling who’s sick.” Liang Yang replied while adjusting his pants. 

“New fling? Has Master Lu changed partners again?” The woman’s eyes flashed with jealousy as she casually asked. 

“Seems so. Apparently, it's a newcomer brought in by Huang Lu. I heard she not only got Peng Fei beaten for her but also caused a ruckus at 'Scenery,' even getting arrested,” Liang Yang replied. 

He hadn’t gone to KTV with Master Lu and Peng Fei yesterday, but he heard the news about how Peng Fei got a severe beating from Master Lu, which even attracted police attention. 

The trouble seemed to have started because of a woman named Meng Fangfei, who was brought in by Huang Lu. 

Liang Yang was puzzled; wasn’t Peng Fei known as Master Lu’s most loyal sycophant? How could he argue with Master Lu over a woman? 

She must be incredibly stunning to sway someone so devoted to Master Lu! 

A classic case of a beautiful woman bringing disaster! 

“The newcomer brought in by Huang Lu? Is her name really Meng Fangfei?” The alluring woman pressed on. 

“Yeah, that sounds right!” Liang Yang nodded, turning to look at her. “Do you know her? What’s she like? Is she pretty?” 

“Why are you so curious about her?” 

The woman pouted, pretending to be jealous, turning her head away from Liang Yang. 

Seeing this, Liang Yang quickly moved closer, wrapping his arms around her in a comforting manner. “Come on, why are you getting jealous~” 

“You know I have different tastes than Master Lu. He likes the pure and cute type, but I prefer your kind of voluptuous, sexy beauty.” 

As he spoke, Liang Yang playfully pinched the woman’s fair cheek and planted a kiss on her slightly smudged red lips. 

“You’re so annoying~” 

The woman playfully protested, shyly pushing against his chest. 

Then, her delicate hand, painted with a muted rose nail polish, slid down Liang Yang’s chest. When it reached just above his navel, it was caught by his larger hand. 

“Hey, stop it!” 

Liang Yang held her hand in surrender, “I still need to take care of things for Master Lu! Once I’m done, I’ll come back and keep you company.” 

With that, he let go of her hand and continued getting dressed. 

Before leaving, he leaned in close again and planted a kiss on her forehead, “Be good; I’ll be back as soon as I finish my errands.” 

Watching Liang Yang’s figure disappear through the door, the woman spat in the direction of the exit. 

“Pfft! You fat pig, who wants you to keep me company!” 

Not only that, but she also raised her hand to harshly wipe her red lips and forehead, even rubbing her entire body, as if to erase his touch. 

After self-abusing to the point of reddening her skin, she finally stopped, turned around, and grabbed her phone from the bedside table. She sent a message to Huang Lu via WeChat. 

“Huang Jie, I recently have a variety show opportunity where I can be a special guest. I heard you have a newcomer named Meng Fangfei who looks pretty good. Can you send me her photo? If she’s suitable, I can bring her onto this variety show as a regular guest, just to warm her up before her debut.” 

Huang Lu replied quickly, sending her a picture right away. 

“Thanks, Xuezhu. This is the newcomer I just brought in.” 

Zhao Xuezhu scrutinized the woman in the photo; she indeed fit Master Lu’s aesthetic. 

With a heart-shaped face and delicate features, she looked pure and beautiful, like the recognized campus flower. 

She was only slightly prettier than those internet celebrities online. 

A wave of jealousy washed over Zhao Xuezhu as she threw her phone onto the bed. 

What’s wrong with people nowadays? Why do they all like that kind of immature, skinny girl? 

Wasn’t her own fair skin and voluptuous figure still appealing? 

Didn’t they say that men love flashy and cheap women? 

Thinking back to when she first got involved with Master Lu’s crew, only Liang Yang had shown any interest in her, which made Zhao Xuezhu feel like she could spit blood in frustration. 

She wanted a handsome, wealthy benefactor too! Not a fat pig of a nouveau riche! 

Just as Zhao Xuezhu lamented her worthlessness, Huang Lu sent another message. 

Zhao Xuezhu reached for her phone from the bed, puzzled as she stared at the screen. 

Huang Lu asked her if she was satisfied with Meng Fangfei and whether she could appear on the variety show. 

Being a regular guest wouldn’t give her much screen time; why was Huang Lu so eager for this minor opportunity? 

Having already hooked up with Master Lu, wouldn’t the resources come pouring in later? 

Women’s intuition is sharp; she quickly sensed something was off. 

Could it be that Master Lu beating Peng Fei was not about this newcomer at all? 

Once the seed of doubt is planted, it takes root and is hard to uproot. 

Most suspiciously, just seconds later, Huang Lu sent another message, asking her again if Meng Fangfei could appear on the show. 

Zhao Xuezhu thought for a moment and replied that the director had not yet given a response and that she would inform Huang Lu once there was news. 

Feeling disappointed by this response, Huang Lu fell silent, since such a reply often means rejection in the entertainment industry. 

Meanwhile, Liang Yang had obtained the medicinal cuisine and was speeding toward the Beijing Concord Hospital. 

Upon arriving at the hospital, Liang Yang sent a message to Lu Mingxu. 

He had not walked long within the hospital when he spotted a familiar figure. 

“Master Lu, why did you come in person? I could have delivered it to you!” Liang Yang called out as he jogged toward him, holding the medicinal cuisine.