**Resignation**

The other people in the private room quickly noticed the situation and rushed over to mediate, all the while puzzled. 

What on earth is going on with Lu Shao? 

It’s only been a day, and he’s already started fighting with his own people again? 

Fortunately, Lu Mingxu didn’t lose his cool like he did the night before. After some persuasion from those around him, he finally stopped, sparing the hospital from having to take in yet another patient.

“Yangzi, what’s going on with you?” 

Xu Lin questioned Liang Yang, who was sprawled on the floor.

This kid is usually so timid. What gave him the guts to provoke Lu Shao today? 

Before Xu Lin could get the answer he wanted from Liang Yang, he saw Lu Mingxu pointing angrily at him. “I should be asking you what’s going on! What’s this nonsense about worshiping the fox spirit? Was that your idea?”

Upon hearing this, Xu Lin immediately glared at his usually chummy buddy on the ground, but Liang Yang was covering his face, not daring to meet his gaze.

Now that’s a real friend!

He’s gone and spilled dirty water on me over his girlfriend! 

“It wasn’t me! I mean, uh, Lu Shao…” 

Xu Lin stammered, his eyes darting around, unable to look directly at Lu Mingxu, who was striding closer.

“What do you want to say?” 

Lu Mingxu’s gaze made everyone shiver. Not just Xu Lin, but everyone around him averted their eyes, unable to bear the impending sight of a one-sided beating.

Xu Lin felt a rush of anxiety. His nerves were shot, and he worried he might end up like Peng Fei. He admitted honestly, “Lu Shao, the thing about worshiping the fox spirit wasn’t my idea! I only mentioned that you might have been cursed!”

Lu Mingxu: “…”

What’s the difference? 

He wanted to say something but then saw Xu Lin spilling his guts like a bamboo tube pouring beans.

“Lu Shao, we’ve really been worried about your state lately! Ever since you met that woman at ‘Scenery’ the other day, you’ve completely changed!” 

“The key point is, that woman is so ordinary! You can find a hundred like her on the street. She’s nothing like the type you used to like!”

“But you’re acting like you’re possessed, sticking to her like glue, and even beat up Peng Fei for her!” 

“Peng Fei has been the most loyal to you! He was only trying to help, and you went and hit him!”

“This makes us wonder if that woman used some kind of trick on you!” 

“Otherwise, how could you suddenly change like this?” 

As Xu Lin spoke, the people around couldn’t help but chime in.

“Yeah, Lu Shao, it’s like you’ve become a different person!” 

“We were all shocked that day!” 

“That woman really does seem a bit sinister.” 

“Lu Shao, maybe you should see a master about this?” 

Most of them had witnessed Lu Shao’s transformation first-hand that day. 

And Liang Yang, the big mouth, had already told everyone about what he saw at the hospital yesterday, warning them to prepare mentally. 

Even now, they could hardly believe it. 

Lu Shao actually fell for an average-looking woman! 

Seeing that everyone seemed to agree with Xu Lin’s claims—nodding along or casting worried glances at him—Lu Mingxu took a deep breath, then slowly exhaled his frustration. “I have changed.” 

Just when everyone thought Lu Mingxu was finally acknowledging his issues, he continued, “Because I plan to change for the better!” 

“Who I like is none of your business!” 

“Acting like you all know me so well. What’s wrong with me pursuing the person I like?” 

“Worshiping fox spirits? Being cursed? Finding a master?” 

“I think it’s you guys who should go to the hospital and get your heads checked!” 

As he cursed, Lu Mingxu shot an angry glare at Liang Yang, who was still sitting on the ground, and sneered, “Instead of discussing who I should like behind my back, you should use that pig brain of yours to think about why your girlfriend likes you!” 

The surrounding crowd felt that comment was downright brutal, making Liang Yang's recent behavior seem like that of a clown. 

Many of them had been subtly seduced by Zhao Xuezhuy’s charms, either openly or discreetly. 

If it weren’t for Lu Shao’s good relationship with Liang Yang, they might have already taken advantage of the situation and spent some intimate moments with that flirtatious woman. 

After venting his frustrations on Liang Yang, Lu Mingxu strode out of the private room. 

Once outside the bar, he felt the air around him was much fresher. 

He pulled out a cigarette, lighting it as he walked down the bustling street, inhaling and exhaling the smoke. 

Lu Mingxu began to reflect on all the things that had happened since he met Stella Ling. 

He recalled her simple attire and how, when she returned the money today, she forced herself to remain calm, trying to hide the pain of parting with it. 

He could infer that Stella’s family background was vastly different from his own. 

Yet she still bravely returned the money, not owing him a single cent, and left the Jinghai Hotel without hesitation. 

At that moment, it dawned on Lu Mingxu that perhaps any normal girl wouldn’t be interested in someone like him, a second-generation rich kid who’s always hanging out in bars and nightclubs. 

No matter how wealthy he was, how good his family background was, or how handsome he looked, once they realized what kind of person he truly was, they would keep their distance. 

Lu Mingxu could use his family’s status to pressure others into submission for his own desires, but when it came to the person he liked, he didn’t want to do that. 

Though it might seem like self-deprecation, seeing Liang Yang sitting on the ground in such a sorry state made him feel as if he were looking at his own reflection. 

They were both failures in love. 

What happened tonight made Lu Mingxu realize that no matter what others said, he still wanted to be with Stella. 

So he couldn’t keep living like this. 

He decided he would no longer linger in bars, nor would he hang around the crowd that frequented those places. He would go home and find something proper to do. 

If Stella saw that he was making positive changes, she might reconsider her view of him and be more open to his advances. 

Holding onto this hopeful expectation, Lu Mingxu took out his phone. 

Regardless of whether Stella was willing or not, he wanted her to know about his determination to change. 

Lu Mingxu typed out a long confession, fully expressing his desire to improve himself and his hope to become friends with Stella. 

After spending these past two days together, Lu Mingxu came to understand that trying to win over Stella in one fell swoop would be difficult. 

She wasn’t like the girls he had previously encountered, who would rush to him simply because he was from the Lu family. 

To win her over, he had to take a slow and steady approach. Therefore, Lu Mingxu could only reluctantly state that he would start as a friend and gradually work his way up to becoming her boyfriend. 

After reviewing his message several times and finding no issues, he hit send. 

Lu Mingxu: “…” 

The message went through, but a glaring red exclamation mark appeared next to the chat window, along with a note saying, 

“You are not friends with this person, and cannot send this message.” 

……

Zhang Aiyue glanced at her computer screen, staring incredulously at the person before her. “Xiaoxing, you want to resign?” 

When she saw the resignation letter in her inbox, she was initially curious about who would choose to quit at such a good time for the company. 

But she never expected it would be Stella Ling! 

“Is this related to what happened last Friday?” Zhang Aiyue asked, concerned. 

“No.” 

Stella shook her head. “I want to resign because I want to challenge myself with more professional difficulties and work for a professional translation company.” 

The reason for her resignation written in the email wasn’t as straightforward, but after hearing Stella’s explanation, Zhang Aiyue thought for a couple of minutes before nodding her agreement. 

In fact, Zhang Aiyue had sensed that Stella was perhaps better suited for professional translation work. 

Even though this junior had yet to graduate, her translation skills in the field of Han language were exceptionally impressive. 

The atmosphere in publishing houses or translation agencies might make her feel much more comfortable. 

Zhang Aiyue sighed and nodded, “Alright, I agree.” 

Stella was an intern and could leave in three days, but she proactively requested to extend her departure, wanting to stay until her internship ended on the 15th of next month. 

Since the company had a collaboration with Jinghua International Trade coming up, Stella sensed it would be a busy time and wanted to help her senior out a bit before leaving. 

Stella even specifically requested that Zhang Aiyue assign her more translation work in the meantime. With the specialized skills bestowed by the system, she was ready to tackle any challenge. 

Zhang Aiyue gladly agreed but felt a twinge of regret in her heart. 

Such a good junior, and she’d soon be another company’s valuable employee.