**Fox Using Tiger's Might**

Stella Ling felt a soft spot in her heart touched by Yang Dan's worried messages. 

She chuckled and typed back, “Don’t worry, I might leave the capital after graduation.” 

As the capital of Huaguo, Beijing was teeming with talent. Stella could imagine that there were plenty of Heaven’s Chosen Ones around. So, she definitely had to leave this place. 

Surprised by Stella's decision, Yang Dan didn’t send another text but instead sent a voice message: “Huh? Why are you leaving? Are you trying to avoid those two guys?” 

It wasn’t just to avoid Li Qicheng and Lu Mingxu; Stella wanted to escape from more than just the Heaven’s Chosen Ones. But she couldn’t confess that to her roommate, so she simply denied, “No, the rent in Beijing is just too high. I want to go back to my hometown to develop my career.” 

“Oh, I see! You scared me! Honestly, those two guys look like they come from prestigious backgrounds. One of them even has an assistant and a bodyguard; it’s pretty intimidating. I was afraid you were leaving just to get away from them!” 

Yang Dan laughed, continuing, “Haven’t you seen those dramas? The rich and handsome CEO falls for an ordinary girl, and when she doesn’t comply, he forces her to submit! It leads to a series of dramatic plot twists, like car accidents, amnesia, and elopement!” 

“Woman, you can’t escape! Wahahaha!” Yang Dan even improvised a line from a CEO character. 

What Yang Dan didn’t know was that, on the other end of the phone, Stella was scared out of her wits by her description, nearly dropping her phone. 

Stella steadied herself and typed a reply: “Hahaha! You said it was a drama, so how could that happen in real life? Besides, with my looks, who would want to force me?” 

“Stella, I won’t let you belittle yourself like that! What does looks matter? With your charm, you can make two handsome guys compete over you! Compared to you, those so-called ‘fish kings’ are nothing! We focus on quality over quantity!” Yang Dan replied passionately. 

“You should have seen the girls downstairs watching the showdown between those two guys; they were practically dying of envy! Don’t even get me started; I’m jealous too!” 

“I’m sure you have a special charm that attracts handsome guys. I bet your future suitors will be of the same caliber as today!” 

“After sharing a dorm with you for four years, I never realized you were this awesome!” 

Stella was nearly overwhelmed by the compliments and desperately wanted to change the subject. “Yang Dan, didn’t you just get back to campus this afternoon?” 

“Yeah, yeah! My high-speed train always arrives around this time. I’ve been on the train all day, I’m exhausted!” Yang Dan replied in a voice message. 

“Then you should rest up. We can chat later.” Stella quickly typed back. 

“Okay, I’m going to sleep now. Talk to you later!” Yang Dan replied at last. 

Stella put down her phone and nervously turned to her little cat beside her, asking, “System, those Heaven’s Chosen Ones won’t be like the ones in the dramas, right? There won’t be anyone worse than Lu Mingxu, right?” 

The little cat felt a twinge of worry too. “I don’t know. I thought Lu Mingxu wouldn’t qualify as a Heaven’s Chosen One, but…” 

The system’s hesitation made Stella’s heart sink. What if she really encountered someone more terrifying than Lu Mingxu? What would she do? 

After a moment of silence, she rallied her spirits and declared, “Forget it! I can’t hide in a mountain ditch just because of some unknown possibilities! I can’t avoid people forever!” 

How would she complete the system’s tasks and extract skills to hide her fortune? 

She refused to believe that in this lawful society, anyone would dare to use force! 

Stella huffed as she lay back on the couch. 

Damn it! She really never thought she’d be worried about her chastity one day! 

The side effects of this overwhelming fortune were truly frustrating! 

What kind of strong person was she really?! 

With her gloomy thoughts, Stella drifted off to sleep. 

---

The next day, Stella was jolted awake by a nightmare. 

In her dream, Li Qicheng and Lu Mingxu were pulling her like a tug-of-war rope, straining in opposite directions. 

One shouted, “This fortune is mine!” 

“No, I’m the Heaven’s Chosen One; this fortune should rightfully be mine!” 

Then a spray of blood blossomed, and Stella woke up in a fright. 

She knew dreams weren’t real, but this nightmare shattered all the courage she had managed to muster the night before. 

Stella glanced at her phone, saw it was still early, and decided to wait a while before calling Zhang Aiyue to ask for a day off. 

She definitely didn’t want to go to work this morning. 

Now that she thought about it, it was suspicious how their company could partner with Jinghua International Trade. 

Li Qicheng, the seemingly suave and mature man, had turned into a creepy stalker who followed her to the lingerie store… what a strange man. 

Stella tugged at her damp short sleeves; she had woken up in a sweat from that nightmare and needed a shower. 

Realizing she had no spare clothes, Stella pulled out her phone and ordered disposable underwear and bathing supplies from an online supermarket, along with breakfast for the day. 

She had learned about disposable underwear from Wang Lingling. 

As for her outer clothes, the rental had a washer-dryer combo; she could just toss her clothes in to be washed and dried before putting them back on. 

---

Wang Lingling had cried herself to sleep the night before. 

Seeing her red, swollen eyes in the mirror that morning, she had planned to take a sick day from work. 

But thinking about Stella stealing her glory made her grit her teeth in anger. 

Determined to confront Stella about why she was so shameless and took credit for her work, Wang Lingling still went to the office. 

But what Wang Lingling didn’t expect was that she hadn’t taken a day off, yet that shameless Stella had! 

Wang Lingling glared at the empty desk beside her for who knows how long, finally spotting Stella in the afternoon. 

“Stella Ling!” 

The moment she saw Stella, all her pent-up rage exploded, and Wang Lingling leapt to her feet, shouting. 

“What now?” 

Startled by Wang Lingling’s furious yell, Stella snapped back, clearly annoyed. 

“Stella Ling, you have no shame! You stole my credit!” 

Wang Lingling marched up to Stella, scolding her angrily. 

“Are you out of your mind? What credit do you think I stole from you?” 

Stella scoffed, thinking about Wang Lingling’s translation skills. Even if she didn’t have the skill to specialize in Hanyu, she wouldn’t have taken Wang Lingling’s translations as her own. 

What could she have stolen from Wang Lingling? 

A wrong translation? 

“You still refuse to admit it!” 

Wang Lingling raised her hand, pointing at Stella, demanding loudly, “You haven’t forgotten about the Douyin video from yesterday, have you?” 

“That was me who discovered it first! I recognized the person in the video was Li Qicheng!” 

“But after you found out, you immediately turned around and sent the video to Li Qicheng, stealing my credit so easily!” 

“And what about me? What’s my hard work worth?” 

Stella smirked, swatting Wang Lingling’s hand away and looking at the trembling woman in front of her. “Do you really think I care about that lousy credit?” 

“Wang Lingling, are you really out of your mind? I’m going to tell Li Qicheng that you told me to send him that video!” 

“Oh, I almost forgot! When I sent it to him yesterday, I mentioned it was discovered by my colleague. So, did he thank you personally last night?” 

Stella coldly retorted. 

Seeing Wang Lingling’s furious reaction, Stella could guess what had happened at the dinner party last night. 

She remembered her senior mentioning that the dinner had something to do with the collaboration with Jinghua International Trade. 

Since Li Qicheng was able to follow her to the lingerie store, he definitely attended the dinner to see her. 

He might have publicly praised her for the video too. 

Wang Lingling, realizing she knew Li Qicheng and was praised for the video, would be extremely jealous. 

But Stella didn’t want that credit at all! 

Faced with such a carefully planned approach, Stella felt nothing but terror! 

“I’ll make you proud!” 

Wang Lingling, enraged, lunged at Stella to hit her. 

Stella, however, dodged her attack with ease. 

Seeing the situation escalate, the onlookers among their coworkers quickly stepped in to mediate. 

Two male colleagues restrained Wang Lingling’s arms to prevent her from reaching Stella. 

Stella, escaping from the attack range, looked at the raging Wang Lingling with a sneer. 

“Pfft! You shameless woman! He shouldn’t even look at that internet celebrity! You’re just ugly!” 

Wang Lingling was beside herself with anger while Stella continued to mock her, “Who says he’s interested in me? Can’t we just be friends?” 

“Wang Lingling, does your love-struck brain think of anything besides romance?” 

“I’m here to tell you today that I’m on the same level as Li Qicheng! I’ve been pretending to be poor to experience life! He’s my friend, so of course, he’d say nice things about me at my workplace!” 

“Do you really want to offend me that much? Are you looking to get kicked out of Beijing?” 

Wang Lingling was stunned into silence by this revelation, and the surrounding colleagues were equally shocked. 

Wang Lingling’s eyes widened in disbelief; she had considered why Stella had Li Qicheng’s WeChat. 

But since she couldn’t figure it out, she simply assumed Stella had used some trick to get it. 

Now, though, she realized this reasoning was rather flimsy. 

Thinking back to the internet celebrity who was rejected from adding Li Qicheng on WeChat and was now trending on social media, she realized Stella was just not that kind of person. 

What kind of tricks could a dull and quiet person like Stella pull to add Li Qicheng on WeChat? 

The answer was simple: they were genuinely friends. 

Not the kind of sordid relationship Wang Lingling had imagined. 

After all, Stella’s looks didn’t even meet that standard; how could they have that kind of relationship? 

“Are you really friends?” Wang Lingling asked in disbelief. 

“Why would I lie to you? Am I that bored?” 

Stella looked at Wang Lingling with disdain. 

Yes! She was indeed bored! 

She just wanted to mess with this crazy woman! 

“You’ve spent four years of university eating the cheapest cafeteria food, wearing the cheapest clothes, and receiving student aid for two consecutive years. Was all that just an act?” Wang Lingling pressed on. 

Hearing Wang Lingling say that, Stella almost broke character, struggling to maintain her facade of confidence. 

Wang Lingling’s sharp tongue was truly relentless! 

“Yes, it was all an act!” Stella shot back defiantly. 

If Wang Lingling didn’t believe her, she would take out the 5.55-carat sapphire pendant she kept in her bag and throw it at this crazy woman’s face! 

Let her see how ridiculous she was!